drug_id	drug_name	restrictions	drug_description	pathways	general_references
DB00001	Lepirudin	approved	Lepirudin is identical to natural hirudin except for substitution of leucine for isoleucine at the N-terminal end of the molecule and the absence of a sulfate group on the tyrosine at position 63. It is produced via yeast cells. Bayer ceased the production of lepirudin (Refludan) effective May 31, 2012.	Lepirudin Action Pathway	
DB00002	Cetuximab	approved	Cetuximab is an epidermal growth factor receptor binding FAB. Cetuximab is composed of the Fv (variable; antigen-binding) regions of the 225 murine EGFr monoclonal antibody specific for the N-terminal portion of human EGFr with human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain constant (framework) regions. Cetuximab is marketed under the brand Erbitux® by Eli Lilly and Company. In the United States, a regimen of cetuximab costs approximately $30,790 for an eight-week course.	Cetuximab Action Pathway	
DB00003	Dornase alfa	approved	Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human deoxyribunuclease I (DNase I) enzyme. It is produced in genetically modified Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using recombinant DNA technology. The 260-amino acid sequence of dornase alfa is identical to the endogenous human enzyme. Dornase alfa cleaves extracellular DNA to 5´-phosphodinucleotide and 5´-phosphooligonucleotide end products without affecting intracellular DNA. In individuals with cystic fibrosis, extracellular DNA, which is an extremely viscous anion, is released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate during inflammatory responses to infections. Enzymatic breakdown of this extracellular DNA appears to reduce sputum viscosity and viscoelasticity.		
DB00004	Denileukin diftitox	approved,investigational	A recombinant DNA-derived cytotoxic protein composed of the amino acid sequences for diphtheria toxin fragments A and B (Met 1-Thr 387)-His followed by the sequences for interleukin-2 (IL-2; Ala 1-Thr 133). It is produced in an E. coli expression system.		
DB00005	Etanercept	approved,investigational	Dimeric fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding portion of the human 75 kilodalton (p75) tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) linked to the Fc portion of human IgG1.[L14862,A216522] The Fc component of etanercept contains the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain and hinge region, but not the CH1 domain of IgG1. Etanercept is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 934 amino acids. It is used to treat or manage a variety of inflammatory conditions including rheumatoid arthritis (RA), ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and juvenile idiopathic poly-articular arthritis (JIA).		
DB00006	Bivalirudin	approved,investigational	Bivalirudin is a synthetic 20 residue peptide (thrombin inhibitor) which reversibly inhibits thrombin. Once bound to the active site, thrombin cannot activate fibrinogen into fibrin, the crucial step in the formation of thrombus. It is administered intravenously. Because it can cause blood stagnation, it is important to monitor changes in hematocrit, activated partial thromboplastin time, international normalized ratio and blood pressure.	Bivalirudin Action Pathway	
DB00007	Leuprolide	approved,investigational	Leuprolide is a synthetic 9-residue peptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Unlike the endogenous decapeptide GnRH, leuprolide contains a single D-amino acid (D-leucyl) residue, which helps to increase its circulating half-life from three to four minutes to approximately three hours.[A203222] As a GnRH mimic, leuprolide is capable of binding to the GnRH receptor (GnRHR) and inducing downstream modulation of both gonadotropin hormone and sex steroid levels. Prolonged activation of GnRHR results in significant downregulation of sex steroid levels, which is primarily responsible for the clinical efficacy of leuprolide in diverse conditions, including advanced prostate cancer, endometriosis, and central precocious puberty.[A203126, A203132]Leuprolide was first approved in 1985 as a daily subcutaneous injection under the tradename Lupron™ by Abbvie Endocrine Inc.[L13850] Since this initial approval, various long-acting intramuscular and subcutaneous products have been developed such that patients can be dosed once every six months.[L13781, L13790] Leuprolide remains frontline therapy in all conditions for which it is indicated for use.		
DB00008	Peginterferon alfa-2a	approved,investigational	Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [A19593]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside [DB00811] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with [DB00811] or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and [DB00811] have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.		
DB00009	Alteplase	approved	Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 527 residues purified from CHO cells	Alteplase Action Pathway	
DB00010	Sermorelin	approved,withdrawn	Sermorelin acetate is the acetate salt of an amidated synthetic 29-amino acid peptide (GRF 1-29 NH 2 ) that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH or GRF) consisting of 44 amino acid residues		
DB00011	Interferon alfa-n1	approved,investigational	Purified, natural (n is for natural) glycosylated human interferon alpha proteins 166 residues		
DB00012	Darbepoetin alfa	approved,investigational	Human erythropoietin with 2 aa substitutions to enhance glycosylation (5 N-linked chains), 165 residues (MW=37 kD). Produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells by recombinant DNA technology.		
DB00013	Urokinase	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Urokinase is an endogenous peptide that is cleaved in the presence of plasmin between lysine 158 and isoleucine 159 to yield active urokinase.[A191943] Urokinase remains connected between these 2 chains by a sulfhydryl bond.[A191943]Urokinase was granted FDA approval on 16 January 1978.[L12138]	Urokinase Action Pathway	
DB00014	Goserelin	approved	Goserelin is a synthetic hormone. In men, it stops the production of the hormone testosterone, which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells. In women, goserelin decreases the production of the hormone estradiol (which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells) to levels similar to a postmenopausal state. When the medication is stopped, hormone levels return to normal.		
DB00015	Reteplase	approved,investigational	Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 355 residues purified from CHO cells. Retavase is considered a "third-generation" thrombolytic agent, genetically engineered to retain and delete certain portions of human tPA. Retavase is a deletion mutein of human tPA formed by deleting various amino acids present in endogenous human tPA. Retavase contains 355 of the 527 amino acids of native human tPA (amino acids 1-3 and 176-527), and retains the activity-related kringle-2 and serine protease domains of human tPA. Three domains are deleted from retavase - kringle-1, finger, and epidermal growth factor (EGF).	Reteplase Action Pathway	
DB00016	Erythropoietin	approved	Erythropoietin (EPO) is a growth factor produced in the kidneys that stimulates the production of red blood cells. It works by promoting the division and differentiation of committed erythroid progenitors in the bone marrow [FDA Label]. Epoetin alfa (Epoge) was developed by Amgen Inc. in 1983 as the first rhEPO commercialized in the United States, followed by other alfa and beta formulations. Epoetin alfa is a 165-amino acid erythropoiesis-stimulating glycoprotein produced in cell culture using recombinant DNA technology and is used for the treatment of patients with anemia associated with various clinical conditions, such as chronic renal failure, antiviral drug therapy, chemotherapy, or a high risk for perioperative blood loss from surgical procedures [FDA Label]. It has a molecular weight of approximately 30,400 daltons and is produced by mammalian cells into which the human erythropoietin gene has been introduced. The product contains the identical amino acid sequence of isolated natural erythropoietin and has the same biological activity as the endogenous erythropoietin. Epoetin alfa biosimilar, such as Retacrit (epoetin alfa-epbx or epoetin zeta), has been formulated to allow more access to treatment options for patients in the market [L2784]. The biosimilar is approved by the FDA and EMA as a safe, effective and affordable biological product and displays equivalent clinical efficacy, potency, and purity to the reference product [A7504]. Epoetin alfa formulations can be administered intravenously or subcutaneously.		
DB00017	Salmon calcitonin	approved,investigational	Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.		
DB00018	Interferon alfa-n3	approved,investigational	Purified, natural (n is for natural) human interferon alpha proteins (consists of 3 forms or polymorphisms including 2a, 2b and 2c). 166 residues, some are glycosylated (MW range from 16 kD to 27 kD).		
DB00019	Pegfilgrastim	approved	Pegfilgrastim is a PEGylated form of the recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) analogue, [filgrastim].[A187601] It is used to decrease the incidence of infection, as manifested by febrile neutropenia, in patients with with non-myeloid cancer receiving myelosuppressive anti-cancer treatment. Some patients with greater risk factors may develop febrile neutropenia from myelosuppressive therapy and are susceptible to an increased risk of developing infections. Although the risk of developing febrile neutropenia is less than 20% in many readily used chemotherapy regimens,[L9782] infections pose risks of hospitalization and mortalities.[A187631] Due to the relatively short circulating half-life of filgrastim, a 20 kDa PEG moiety was covalently conjugated to the N-terminus of filgrastim (at the methionine residue) to develop a longer acting version of the drug.[A29, A187607] Due to a longer half-life and slower elimination rate than filgrastim, pegfilgrastim requires less frequent dosing than filgrastim. However, pegfilgrastim retains the same biological activity as filgrastim and binds to the same G-CSF receptor to stimulate the proliferation, differentiation, and activation of neutrophils.[A187607]First developed by Amgen, pegfilgrastim was initially approved by the FDA in 2002 and marketed as Neulasta®. It is typically administered via a subcutaneous injection. There are several pegfilgrastim biosimilars (Fulphila®, Pelgraz® or Lapelga®, Pelmeg®, Udenyca®, Ziextenzo®, and Grasustek®) that are approved for the same therapeutic indication by Health Canada, European Union (EU), and FDA.[L9779,L9785] These biosimilars are highly similar to the reference product, Neulasta®, in terms of pharmacological and pharmacokinetic profile and condition(s) of use, such as the therapeutic indication(s), dosing regimen(s), strength(s), dosage form(s), and route(s) of administration.[L9974]		
DB00020	Sargramostim	approved,investigational	Sargramostim is a human recombinant granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) expressed in yeast. It is a glycoprotein that is 127 residues. Substitution of Leu23 leads to a difference from native protein.		
DB00022	Peginterferon alfa-2b	approved	Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [A19593]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside [DB00811] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with [Ribavirin] or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and [Ribavirin] have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.		
DB00023	Asparaginase Escherichia coli	approved,investigational	Asparaginase derived from _Escherichia coli_ (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from _E. coli_ has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [A31996, A31997]. L-asparaginase of _E. coli_ is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from _E. coli_ works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [A31999]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to _E. coli_-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated [DB08886] is recommended [A31999].		
DB00024	Thyrotropin alfa	approved,vet_approved	Thyrotropin alfa is a recombinant form of thyroid stimulating hormone used in performing certain tests in patients who have or have had thyroid cancer. It is also used along with a radioactive agent to destroy remaining thyroid tissue in certain patients who have had their thyroid gland removed because of thyroid cancer. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein comprised of two non-covalently linked subunits, an alpha subunit of 92 amino acid residues containing two N-linked glycosylation sites and a beta subunit of 112 residues containing one N-linked glycosylation site. The alpha subunit of thyrotropin alfa, which is the effector region responsible for the stimulation of adenylate cyclase, displays close structural similarity with the alpha subunit of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), luteinizing hormone (LH), and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). The beta subunit (TSHB) bestows its receptor specificity due to the uniqueness to TSH. The amino acid sequence of thyrotropin alfa is identical to that of human pituitary thyroid stimulating hormone.		
DB00025	Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant	approved,investigational	Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells		
DB00026	Anakinra	approved	Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). The difference  between anakinra and the native human IL-1Ra is that anakinra has an extra methionine residue at the amino terminus. It is manufactured by using the E. coli expression system. Anakinra is composed of 153 amino acid residues. FDA approved on November 14, 2001.		
DB00027	Gramicidin D	approved	Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids, which assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. Active against most Gram-positive bacteria and some Gram-negative organisms, Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is also found in Polysporin ophthalmic solution.		
DB00028	Human immunoglobulin G	approved,investigational	Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.		
DB00029	Anistreplase	approved	Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 527 residues purified from CHO cells. Eminase is a lyophilized (freeze-dried) formulation of anistreplase, the p-anisoyl derivative of the primary Lys-plasminogen-streptokinase activator complex (a complex of Lys-plasminogen and streptokinase). A p-anisoyl group is chemically conjugated to a complex of bacterial-derived streptokinase and human Plasma-derived Lys-plasminogen proteins.	Anistreplase Action Pathway	
DB00030	Insulin human	approved,investigational	Human Insulin, also known as Regular Insulin, is a short-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Human insulin is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical to endogenously produced insulin. Typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus, insulin is a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after trying several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product Humulin R or Novolin R, human insulin begins to exert its effects within 30 minutes of subcutaneous administration, while peak levels occur 3-4 hours after administration. Due to its quick onset of action, human insulin is considered "bolus insulin" as it provides high levels of insulin in a short period of time to mimic the release of endogenous insulin from the pancreas after meals. Bolus insulin is often combined with once daily, long-acting "basal insulin" such as [DB01307], [DB09564], and [DB00047] to provide low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Human insulin is also available in an inhalable form, intended to be used as a bolus meal-time insulin. Exubera was the first inhaled insulin available on the market and was developed by Inhale Therapeutics (later named Nektar Therapeutics). Unfortunately, limited uptake by physicians and patients, poor sales, bulky packaging, and concerns over the possible impact on lung cancer development resulted in Exubera products being withdrawn from the US markets [A176005]. Exubera was followed by Afrezza, a monomeric inhaled insulin developed by Mannkind Corporation, which received FDA approval in 2016. While still available in the US, Afrezza has had similar concerns associated with its use, and had an FDA "black box" warning added to it to warn about use in patients with chronic lung disease. Afrezza does not currently have Health Canada or European Medicines Agency approval for marketing in Canada or the EU. Human Insulin is a 51 residue peptide hormone produced by recombinant DNA technology by inserting the human insulin gene into Escherichia coli bacteria or Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The structure is identical to native human insulin, with two amino acid chains covalently linked by disulfide bonds. Human insulin is also available in an intermediate-acting form as NPH (Neutral Protamine Hagedorn) as the marketed products Novolin N and Humulin N. NPH insulin is provided as a crystalline suspension of insulin with protamine and zinc, resulting in an onset of action in 1 to 3 hours, duration of action up to 24 hours, and peak action from 6 to 8 hours. Due to the added crystals, NPH insulin is typically cloudy when compared to other forms of insulin and has a neutral pH.Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB00031	Tenecteplase	approved	Tenecteplase is a tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) developed from modifications of natural human tPA complementary DNA (cDNA). It is a 527 amino acid with a substitution of threonine 103 with asparagine and substitution of asparagine 117 with glutamine within the kringle 1 domain, and a tetra-alanine substitution at amino acids 296-299 in the protease domain.	Tenecteplase Action Pathway	
DB00032	Menotropins	approved	Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women.  It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.		
DB00033	Interferon gamma-1b	approved,investigational	Human Interferon gamma-1b (140 residues), produced from E. coli. Production of Actimmune is achieved by fermentation of a genetically engineered Escherichia coli bacterium containing the DNA which encodes for the human protein. Purification of the product is achieved by conventional column chromatography. The sequence displayed is a cDNA sequence which codes for human interferon gamma, as described by Gray et. al. and not specifically interferon gamma 1b.		
DB00034	Interferon alfa-2a, Recombinant	approved,investigational	Interferon a (human leukocyte protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with lysine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent. An oral form is being developed by Amarillo Biosciences.		
DB00035	Desmopressin	approved	Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [T28]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [A31661]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [A31662]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate. Nocdurna, or desmopressin acetate, was approved by the FDA on June 21st, 2018 for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults. It is available as a sublingual tablet.		
DB00036	Coagulation factor VIIa Recombinant Human	approved	Recombinant human coagulation Factor VIIa (rFVIIa), intended for promoting hemostasis by activating the extrinsic pathway of the coagulation cascade. NovoSeven is a vitamin K-dependent glycoprotein consisting of 406 amino acid residues. Cloned and expressed in hamster kidney cells, the protein is catalytically active in a two-chain form.		
DB00038	Oprelvekin	approved,investigational	Oprelvekin, the active ingredient in Neumega®, is recombinant Interleukin-11 (IL-11), which is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) by recombinant DNA technology. With a molecular mass of approximately 19,000 daltons, the non-glycosylated protein is 177 amino acids in length in comparison to the natural IL-11, which is 178 amino acid long. However, it displays comparable biological activity compared to the natural IL-11 _in vitro_ and _in vivo_. Oprelvekin works by stimulating megakaryocytopoiesis and thrombopoiesis. In mice and nonhuman primate studies of animals with moderate and severe myelosuppression, in addition to compromised hematopoiesis, oprelvekin was shown to potently induce thrombopoiesis and improve platelet nadirs and accelerated platelet recoveries compared to controls. In animal studies, oprelvekin was also shown to regulate intestinal epithelium growth by enhancing healing of gastrointestinal lesions, inhibit adiopegenesis and macrophageal released pro-inflammatory cytokines, and induce acute phase protein synthesis.		
DB00039	Palifermin	approved	Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.Palifermin was granted FDA approval on 15 December 2004.[L17933]		
DB00040	Glucagon	approved	Glucagon is a 29 amino acid hormone used as a diagnostic aid in radiologic exams to temporarily inhibit the movement of the gastrointestinal tract and to treat severe hypoglycemia.[L7634,L7637,L7640,L7643,L8519] Glucagon raises blood sugar through activation of hepatic glucagon receptors, stimulating glycogenolysis and the release of glucose.[L7640,L7643]Glucagon was granted FDA approval on 14 November 1960.[L7631]		
DB00041	Aldesleukin	approved	Aldesleukin, a lymphokine, is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a genetically engineered E. coli strain containing an analog of the human interleukin-2 gene. Genetic engineering techniques were used to modify the human IL-2 gene, and the resulting expression clone encodes a modified human interleukin-2. This recombinant form differs from native interleukin-2 in the following ways: a) Aldesleukin is not glycosylated because it is derived from E. coli; b) the molecule has no N-terminal alanine; the codon for this amino acid was deleted during the genetic engineering procedure; c) the molecule has serine substituted for cysteine at amino acid position 125.		
DB00042	Botulinum Toxin Type B	approved,investigational	Neurotoxin produced by fermentation of clostridium botulinum type B. The protein exists in noncovalent association with hemagglutinin and nonhemagglutinin proteins as a neurotoxin complex. The neurotoxin complex is recovered from the fermentation process and purified through a series of precipitation and chromatography steps.		
DB00043	Omalizumab	approved,investigational	Omalizumab, manufactured by _Genentech_, was first FDA approved in 2003 to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older with moderate to severe persistent allergic asthma which is not controlled by inhaled steroids [L4670]. Since its U.S. approval, more than 200,000 patients older than 12 with allergic asthma have been treated [L4670].  In September 2018, a new prefilled syringe formulation of this drug was approved by the FDA [L4671].		
DB00044	Lutropin alfa	approved	Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein made up of monomeric units. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development. Its pharmacological action mimics the biological activity of endogenous LH; an acute rise of LH, or LH surge, in females triggers ovulation and the development of the corpous luteum. In males, LH stimulates Leydig cell to produce testosterone.		
DB00045	Lyme disease vaccine (recombinant OspA)	approved,withdrawn	Vaccine against Lyme disease that contains lipoprotein OspA, an outer surface protein of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto ZS7, as expressed by Escherichia coli. Lipoprotein OspA is a single polypeptide chain of 257 amino acids with lipids covalently bonded to the N terminus. It is conjugated with alum (aluminum hydroxide) as an adjuvant.		
DB00046	Insulin lispro	approved	Insulin lispro is a rapid-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin lispro, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually cause cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, and when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product Humalog, insulin lispro begins to exert its effects within 15 minutes of subcutaneous administration, while peak levels occur 30 to 90 minutes after administration. Due to its duration of action of around 5 hours, Humalog is considered "bolus insulin" as it provides high levels of insulin in a short period of time to mimic the release of endogenous insulin from the pancreas after meals. Bolus insulin is often combined with once daily, long-acting "basal insulin" such as [DB01307], [DB09564], or [DB00047] to provide low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Insulin lispro is produced by recombinant DNA technology utilizing a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli and was the first commercially available insulin analog. Formerly called LYSPRO from the chemical nomenclature [LYS(B28), PRO(B29)], insulin lispro differs from human insulin in that the amino acid proline at position B28 is replaced by lysine and the lysine in position B29 is replaced by proline. These biochemical changes result in a reduced tendency for self-association resulting in dissolution to a dimer and then to a monomer that is absorbed more rapidly after subcutaneous injection compared to endogenous human insulin. Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB00047	Insulin glargine	approved	Insulin glargine is a long-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D), which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin glargine, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Available as the brand name product Lantus, insulin glargine has a duration of action up to 24 hours allowing for once-daily dosing, typically at bedtime. Due to its duration of action, Lantus is considered "basal insulin" as it provides low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Basal insulin is often combined with short-acting "bolus insulin" such as [DB00046], [DB01309], and [DB01306] to provide higher doses of insulin that are required following meals. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia. Insulin glargine is also available as the biosimilar, or "follow-on" product, Basaglar in the US and as Abasaglar in the EU. As of 2015, insulin glargine was reformulated by Sanofi as the product Toujeo in an extra-concentrated form containing 300IU/mL (compared to 100IU/mL contained in Lantus). Use of the higher concentrated Toujeo as compared to Lantus results in slightly different pharmacokinetics, with a later onset (up to 6 hours) and duration of action (up to 30 hours). Insulin glargine is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12) as the production organism. Insulin glargine differs from endogenous human insulin by the replacement of an asparagine residue at position A21 of the A-chain with glycine and addition of two arginines to the C-terminus (positions B31 and 32) of the B-chain. The resulting protein is soluble at pH 4 and forms microprecipitates at physiological pH 7.4 allowing for the slow release of small amounts of insulin glargine, giving the drug a long duration of action and no pronounced peak concentration.Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB00048	Collagenase clostridium histolyticum	approved,investigational	Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum. It is beneficial in the breakdown of collagen plaques for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture and Peyronie's disease.[L14882] The topical formulation is used for the debridement of necrotic tissue due to burns or chronic ulcers.[L14912]On July 6, 2020 a combination of injectable bacterial collagenases was approved by the FDA for the treatment of cellulite in adult women.[L14872] Also known as Qwo, this injection is the first approved injectable treatment for cellulite and was developed by Endo International.[L14892]		
DB00049	Rasburicase	approved,investigational	Rasburicase is a recombinant urate-oxidase enzyme produced by a genetically modified <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> strain. The cDNA coding for rasburicase was cloned from a strain of _Aspergillus flavus_.		
DB00050	Cetrorelix	approved,investigational	Cetrorelix is a man-made hormone that blocks the effects of Gonadotropin Releasing Hormone (GnRH). GnRH controls another hormone that is called luteinizing hormone (LH), which is the hormone that starts ovulation during the menstrual cycle. When undergoing hormone treatment sometimes premature ovulation can occur, leading to eggs that are not ready for fertilization to be released. Cetrorelix does not allow the premature release of these eggs to occur.		
DB00051	Adalimumab	approved,experimental	Adalimumab is a subcutaneously administered biological disease modifier for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other chronic debilitating diseases mediated by tumor necrosis factor [A39984], [A39999]. It was originally launched by Abbvie in the U.S. and approved in 2002 by the FDA [A39983]. This drug is frequently known as _Humira_. It is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a mammalian cell expression system. This drug is available in a prefilled syringe form and convenient pen form for subcutaneous self-administered doses [A39983]. A new biosimilar to adalimumab, named _adalimumab-adaz_, was approved by the FDA on October 31, 2018. This biosimilar is known as _Hyrimoz_, and is a trademark of Novartis AG [L4799].		
DB00052	Somatotropin	approved,investigational	Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli		
DB00053	Imiglucerase	approved	Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.		
DB00054	Abciximab	approved	Abciximab is a Fab fragment of the chimeric human-murine monoclonal antibody 7E3. Abciximab binds to the glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor of human platelets and inhibits platelet aggregation by preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive molecules. It also binds to vitronectin (αvβ3) receptor found on platelets and vessel wall endothelial and smooth muscle cells.	Abciximab Action Pathway	
DB00055	Drotrecogin alfa	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond. Drotrecogin alfa was withdrawn from the market after a major study indicated that it was not effective in improving outcomes in patients with sepsis.		
DB00056	Gemtuzumab ozogamicin	approved,investigational	Gemtuzumab ozogamicin is a recombinant humanized IgG4 kappa antibody which is conjugated with calicheamicin derivative, a cytotoxic antitumor antibiotic isolated from fermentation of Micromonospora echinospora ssp. calichensis. Gemtuzumab ozogamicin has approximately 50% of the antibody loaded with 4-6 moles calicheamicin per mole of antibody [FDA Label]. The antibody is specifically directed against the CD33 antigen present on leukemic myeloblasts in most patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). By binding to the CD33 antigen on tumors, the cytotoxic agent blocks the growth of cancerous cells and causes cell death. Marketing approval of gemtuzumab ozogamicin was granted on May 17, 2000 by FDA as a treatment for patients with CD33-positive AML in first relapse who are 60 years of age or older and who are not considered candidates for cytotoxic chemotherapy [A98]. However, it was voluntarily withdrawn from the market in 2010 due to safety concerns, increased patient deaths and insufficient evidence of clinical benefit during confirmatory trials [L941]. On September 1 2017, gemtuzumab ozogamicin was again approved for the treatment of adults with newly diagnosed CD33-positive acute myeloid leukemia but with a lower dosing regimen and a different schedule in combination with chemotherapy or on its own [L941]. It is also indicated for the treatment of patients aged 2 years and older with CD33-positive AML who have experienced a relapse or who have not responded to initial treatment (refractory) [L941].		
DB00057	Indium In-111 satumomab pendetide	experimental,withdrawn	Tumor associated glycoprotein (TAG) 72 (B72.3) monoclonal antibody conjugated with Indium 111 for radioimaging colon tumors. Satumomab Pendetide (trade name: OncoScint®) is no longer commercially available.		
DB00058	Alpha-1-proteinase inhibitor	approved	Human alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor or alpha-1-antitrypsin, prepared from human plasma via Cohn alcohol fractionation followed by PEG and zinc chloride fractionation.		
DB00059	Pegaspargase	approved,investigational	Pegylated L-asparagine amidohydrolase from E. coli. Pegylation substantially (by a factor of 4) extends the protein half life.		
DB00060	Interferon beta-1a	approved,investigational	Human interferon beta (166 residues), glycosylated, MW=22.5kD. It is produced by mammalian cells (Chinese Hamster Ovary cells) into which the human interferon beta gene has been introduced. The amino acid sequence is identical to that of natural human interferon beta.		
DB00061	Pegademase	approved	Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.		
DB00062	Albumin human	approved	Human serum albumin is the primary protein present in human blood plasma. The main function of albumin is to maintain the oncotic pressure of blood [A33706]. It binds to water, cations (such as Ca2+, Na+ and K+), fatty acids, hormones, bilirubin, thyroxine (T4) and pharmaceuticals (including barbiturates).  Albumin represents approximately 50% of the total protein content in healthy humans [A40060].Human albumin is a small globular protein (molecular weight: 66.5 kDa), consisting of a single chain of 585 amino acids organized in three repeated homolog domains (sites I, II, and III). Each domain comprises two separate sub-domains (A and B) [A40060]. There are various preparations of albumin that are well established and widely available in the clinical setting [L3108], [L3109], [L3101].Also known as _Albuminex_ 5% or 25%, one brand of human serum albumin is prepared from the pooled plasma of US donors in FDA-licensed facilities in the US [F229].  This is a biosimilar drug to existing human serum albumin and was approved for a biological license at both 5% and 25% concentrations by the FDA on June 21, 2018 [L3101].		
DB00063	Eptifibatide	approved,investigational	Synthetic cyclic hexapeptide that binds to platelet receptor glycoprotein and inhibits platelet aggregation. Derived from venom of the Southeastern pygmy rattlesnake (Sistrurus miliarus barbouri), eptifibatide is a cyclic heptapeptide that belongs to the class of arginin-glycin-aspartat-mimetics.	Eptifibatide Action Pathway	
DB00065	Infliximab	approved	Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [A31469]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [A31469]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [A106], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [A106].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.		
DB00066	Follitropin	approved	Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).  Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.		
DB00067	Vasopressin	approved	Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation		
DB00068	Interferon beta-1b	approved	Human interferon beta (165 residues), cysteine 17 is substituted with serine. Produced in E. coli, no carbohydrates, MW=18.5kD		
DB00069	Interferon alfacon-1	approved,investigational	Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.		
DB00070	Hyaluronidase (ovine)	approved,investigational	Highly purified sheep hyaluronidase for administration by injection into the vitreous of the eye.		
DB00071	Insulin pork	approved	Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.		
DB00072	Trastuzumab	approved,investigational	Produced in CHO cell cultures, trastuzumab is a recombinant IgG1 kappa, humanized monoclonal antibody [A40276] that selectively binds with high affinity in a cell-based assay (Kd = 5 nM) to the extracellular domain of the human epidermal growth factor receptor protein (HER2).[L14015] It is used as a treatment of human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER)-2+ metastatic breast cancer, where there is a proven amplification of the HER-2 oncogene or over-expression of the HER-2 protein in tumours. It is suggested that the overexpression or gene amplification of HER2 has been found in about 20–30% of breast cancers and elevated activation of HER2 triggers multiple downstream pathways leading to abnormal proliferation of cancer cells [A121]. Trastuzumab binds to HER2 and suppresses cancer cells growth, proliferation, and survival directly and indirectly [A121].In December 2017, FDA approved Ogivri (trastuzumab-dkst) as a biosimilar to Herceptin (trastuzumab) for the treatment of patients with breast or metastatic stomach cancer (gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma) whose tumors overexpress the HER2 gene (HER2+). It displays biosimilar properties as Herceptin according to clinical data. While Ogivri is the first biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of breast cancer or stomach cancer, it is the second biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cancer. Herzuma (trastuzumab-pkrb) is a biosimilar drug approved in December 2018 for the treatment of HER2-overexpressing breast cancer. KANJINTI (trastuzumab-anns) is another biosimilar approved by the FDA in June 2019.[L14135]	Trastuzumab Action Pathway	
DB00073	Rituximab	approved	Rituximab is a genetically engineered chimeric murine/human monoclonal antibody directed against the CD20 antigen found on the surface of normal and malignant B lymphocytes. The antibody is an IgG1 kappa immunoglobulin containing murine light and heavy-chain variable region sequences and human constant region sequences [A40017], [FDA label]. It was originally approved by the U.S. FDA in 1997 as a single agent to treat patients with B-cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL) [L4811], however, has now been approved for a variety of conditions [FDA label]. On November 28, 2018, the US FDA approved _Truxima_, the first biosimilar to Rituxan (Rituximab) [L4808].		
DB00074	Basiliximab	approved,investigational	A recombinant chimeric (murine/human) monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) that functions as an immunosuppressive agent, specifically binding to and blocking the interleukin-2 receptor a-chain (IL-2R alpha, also known as CD25 antigen) on the surface of activated T-lymphocytes. It is a 144 kDa glycoprotein obtained from fermentation of an established mouse myeloma cell line genetically engineered to express plasmids containing the human heavy and light chain constant region genes and mouse heavy and light chain variable region genes encoding the RFT5 antibody that binds selectively to the IL-2R alpha.		
DB00075	Muromonab	approved,investigational	Murine monoclonal antibody specific to CD3 T-cell lymphocyte antigens. More specifically it is a purified murine (mouse) monoclonal antibody, directed against the CD3 (T3) receptor on the surface of human T-cells (T-lymphocytes) cultured using the murine ascites method. Muromonab is 93% monomeric immune globulin G type 2a (IgG2a).		
DB00076	Digoxin Immune Fab (Ovine)	approved	Digoxin Immune Fab is a sheep antibody (26-10) FAB fragment from sheep immunized with the digoxin derivative Digoxindicarboxymethylamine. It is used as an antidote for overdose of digoxin.		
DB00078	Ibritumomab tiuxetan	approved,investigational	Indium or yttrium conjugated murine IgG1 kappa monoclonal antibody directed against the CD20 antigen, which is found on the surface of normal and malignant B lymphocytes. Ibritumomab is produced in Chinese hamster ovary cells and is composed of two murine gamma 1 heavy chains of 445 amino acids each and two kappa light chains of 213 amino acids each.		
DB00080	Daptomycin	approved,investigational	Daptomycin is a naturally-occurring lipopeptide antibiotic that kills susceptible gram positive bacteria by disrupting their membrane potential. It is found in the soil bacterium called <i>Streptomyces roseosporus</i>. Antibiotics are used in the treatment of infections caused by bacteria. They work by killing bacteria or preventing their growth. Daptomycin will not work for colds, flu, or other virus infections. It was approved in September 2003 for the treatment of complicated skin and soft tissue infections. It has a safety profile similar to other agents commonly administered to treat gram-positive infections.		
DB00081	Tositumomab	approved,investigational	Murine IgG2a lambda monoclonal antibody against CD20 antigen (2 heavy chains of 451 residues, 2 lambda chains of 220 residues). It is produced in an antibiotic-free culture of mammalian cells. It can be covalently linked to Iodine 131 (a radioactive isotope of iodine).		
DB00082	Pegvisomant	approved	Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly.  Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.		
DB00083	Botulinum toxin type A	approved,investigational	Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.		
DB00085	Pancrelipase	approved,investigational	Pancrelipase, in general, is composed of a mixture of pancreatic enzymes which include amylases, lipases, and proteases. These enzymes are extracted from porcine pancreatic glands.[L2509] The pancrelipase mixture was developed by Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc and FDA approved on April 12, 2010.[L2510] For further information on the components of this mixture please visit [DB11065], [DB11066] and [DB13147].		
DB00086	Streptokinase	approved,investigational	Streptokinase, is a sterile, purified preparation of a bacterial protein elaborated by group C (beta) -hemolytic streptococci.	Streptokinase Action Pathway	
DB00087	Alemtuzumab	approved,investigational	Humanized monoclonal antibody specific to lymphocyte antigens. It is a recombinant DNA-derived humanized monoclonal antibody (Campath-1H) that is directed against the 21-28 kD cell surface glycoprotein,CD52. The Campath-1H antibody is an IgG1 kappa with human variable framework and constant regions, and complementarity-determining regions from a murine (rat) monoclonal antibody (Campath-1G). Campath is produced in mammalian cell (Chinese hamster ovary) suspension culture in a medium containing neomycin.		
DB00088	Alglucerase	approved,investigational	Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.		
DB00089	Capromab pendetide	approved	Capromab is a Murine IgG1 monoclonal 7E11-C5.3 antibody that recognizes prostate specific membrane antigen (PSMA – also known as glutamate carboxypeptidase 2) from prostate cancer cells and normal prostate tissue. When linked to pendetide, capromab is used as a chelating agent for the radionuclide [Indium In-111] during imaging to evaluate the extent of prostate cancer.		
DB00090	Laronidase	approved	Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.		
DB00091	Cyclosporine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Cyclosporine is a calcineurin inhibitor known for its immunomodulatory properties that prevent organ transplant rejection and treat various inflammatory and autoimmune conditions. It is isolated from the fungus _Beauveria nivea_.[A174049] Initially manufactured by Sandoz and approved for use by the FDA in 1983, cyclosporine is now available in various products by Novartis (previously known as Sandoz).[L11097,L3734,L11118]		
DB00092	Alefacept	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Immunosuppressive dimeric fusion protein that consists of the extracellular CD2-binding portion of the human leukocyte function antigen-3 (LFA-3) linked to the Fc (hinge, CH2 and CH3 domains) portion of human IgG1. Produced by CHO cells, mW is 91.4 kD.		
DB00093	Felypressin	experimental	A synthetic nonapeptide comprising cysteinyl, phenylalanyl, phenylalanyl, glutaminyl, asparaginyl, cysteinyl, prolyl, lysyl, and glycinamide residues in sequence, with a disulfide bridge joining the two cysteine residues. Its antidiuretic effects are less than those of vasopressin. It is a non-catecholamine vasoconstrictor used in local anaesthetic injections for dental use, and is an ingredient of preparations that have been used for treatment of pain and inflammation of the mouth.		
DB00094	Urofollitropin	approved,vet_approved	Urofollitropin is a urinary-derived follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is extracted and purified from human urine samples. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is typically used injected subcutaneously in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to induce ovulation. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).		
DB00095	Efalizumab	approved,investigational	Humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody that binds to human CD11a. Efalizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 150 kilodaltons and is produced in a Chinese hamster ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.		
DB00097	Choriogonadotropin alfa	approved	Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.		
DB00098	Antithymocyte immunoglobulin (rabbit)	approved	Rabbit anti-thymocyte globulin. Thymoglobulin is a polyclonal antibody that suppresses certain types of immune cells responsible for acute organ rejection in transplant patients. Thymoglobulin is a mixture of antibodies intended to bind to various cell surface antigens. The most common mode of action of Thymoglobulin is via selective depletion of T-cells.		
DB00099	Filgrastim	approved	Chemotherapy-induced neutropenia (CIN) is a common and serious complication of myelosuppressive chemotherapy. It is associated with significant morbidity and mortality and can increase the cost of cancer therapy. In these cases, colony stimulating factor is necessary to restore important cells for immune function [A35591].For over twenty years, granulocyte colony-stimulating factors (G-CSFs; filgrastims) have been a pillar of treatment and prevention of CIN, and have been found to reduce the risk of neutropenia across various patient settings, decrease the incidence of febrile neutropenia, reduce the incidence of infection, reduce the requirement for treatment with antibiotics, and accelerate neutrophil recovery [A35591].Filgrastim is a recombinant, non-pegylated human granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) analog. It is marketed as the brand name _Neupogen_ by Amgen (initially approved in 1998) and as _Nivestym_, a biosimilar agent by Pfizer. Nivestym was approved by the FDA on July 20th, 2018 [L3735].  Between 1998 and the present, Neupogen/filgrastim has been approved for various indications [L3744]. _Tbo-filgrastim_, which is marketed by Sicor Biotech and FDA approved on August 29, 2012, contains the same active ingredient as Neupogen and is biologically similar, but it is formulated to be short-acting [F719]. On March 6, 2015, the FDA approved the biosimilar Zarxio (filgrastim-sndz) and is indicated for use in the same conditions as Neupogen. Zarxio is marketed by Sandoz [L3742].		
DB00100	Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant)	approved,investigational	Recombinant Coagulation Factor IX is a purified Factor IX glycoprotein produced by recombinant DNA technology. It has a primary amino acid sequence that is identical to the Ala148 allelic form of human factor IX, and has structural and functional characteristics similar to those of endogenous factor IX. It is not derived from human blood (unlike human Factor IX complex), and is instead produced by a genetically engineered Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line that secretes recombinant Factor IX into cell medium that is then processed and purified for use as a pharmaceutical agent. Recombinant Factor IX is indicated for the control and prevention of bleeding episodes in adult and pediatric patients with congenital factor IX deficiency (Hemophilia B).		
DB00102	Becaplermin	approved,investigational	Becaplermin is produced by recombinant DNA technology by insertion of the gene for the B chain of platelet derived growth factor (PDGF) into the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Becaplermin has a molecular weight of approximately 25 KD and is a homodimer composed of two identical polypeptide chains that are bound together by disulfide bonds.		
DB00103	Agalsidase beta	approved,investigational	Agalsidase beta is a recombinant human α-galactosidase A similar to [agalsidase alfa]. While patients generally do not experience a clinically significant difference in outcomes between the two drugs, some patients may experience greater benefit with agalsidase beta.[A220228,A220233] Use of agalsidase beta has decreased in Europe, in favor of agalsidase alfa, after a contamination event in 2009.[A220343]Agalsidase beta was granted FDA approval on 24 April 2003.[L16383]		
DB00104	Octreotide	approved,investigational	Acromegaly is a disorder caused by excess growth hormone (GH), increasing the growth of body tissues and causing metabolic dysfunction.[L14501] In most cases, it results from an anterior pituitary growth hormone-releasing tumor. Typically, the feet, hands, and face grow abnormally large; organomegaly and insulin resistance may also occur. Acromegaly is a life-threatening disease requiring life-long management.[L14501]Octreotide is a long-acting drug with pharmacologic activities that mimic those of the natural hormone, somatostatin, which inhibits the secretion of growth hormone.[L14513] Additionally, it is used for the treatment of acromegaly and symptoms arising from various tumors, including carcinoid tumors and vasoactive intestinal tumors (VIPomas).[L14513] In the past, octreotide has been administered solely by injection. On June 26, 2020, the first approved delayed-release oral somatostatin analog, Mycapssa, received FDA approval for the long term maintenance treatment of acromegaly. This drug was developed by Chiasma Inc.[L14495,L14507,L14528]		
DB00105	Interferon alfa-2b	approved	Interferon alpha 2b (human leukocyte clone hif-sn 206 protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with arginine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent.		
DB00106	Abarelix	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Synthetic decapeptide antagonist to gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH). It is marketed by Praecis Pharmaceuticals as Plenaxis. Praecis announced in June 2006 that it was voluntarily withdrawing the drug from the market.		
DB00107	Oxytocin	approved,vet_approved	Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.		
DB00108	Natalizumab	approved,investigational	Humanized IgG4k monoclonal antibody produced in murine myeloma cells. Natalizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to a4-integrin. Natalizumab was voluntarily withdrawn from U.S. market because of risk of Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). It was returned to market July, 2006.		
DB00109	Enfuvirtide	approved,investigational	Enfuvirtide is a 36 amino acid biomimetic peptide that is structurally similar to the HIV proteins that are responsible for the fusion of the virus to cell membranes and subsequent intracellular uptake. The first agent in the novel class of antiretroviral drugs called HIV fusion inhibitors, enfuvirtide works by inhibiting HIV-1 fusion with CD4 cells.		
DB00110	Palivizumab	approved,investigational	Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)		
DB00111	Daclizumab	investigational,withdrawn	Humanized IgG1 Mab that binds to the human interleukin-2 receptor (anti-Tac or anti-CD25). Daclizumab is a composite of human (90%) and murine (10%) antibody sequences. The human sequences were derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the Eu myeloma antibody. The murine sequences were derived from the complementarity-determining regions of a murine anti-Tac antibody.On 22 April 2008, Roche Registration Limited chose to voluntarily withdraw the marketing authorization for their product Zenapax (daclizumab), as indicated for the prophylaxis of acute organ rejection in de novo allogeneic renal transplantation and used concomitantly with an immunosuppressive regimen like cyclosporine and corticosteroids in patients who are not hight immunized, for commercial reasons and confirmed that this decision was not related to any safety concerns associated with the use of Zenapax (daclizumab) [L1744]. Regardless of the withdrawal of Zenapax, Biogen and Abbvie's Zinbryta (daclizumab), as indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, was approved for use by the FDA in 2016 [L1746]. Despite being approved for use, Zinbryta (daclizumab)'s complex pre-existing safety profile consisting of its restricted availability through a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program [L1738] and its black box warning for possible hepatic injury, autoimmune hepatitis, and other immune mediated disorders [L1738] meant its therapeutic usage, adverse effects, and prescribing information was subject to continuous monitoring and updating.Although Zinbryta (daclizumab) was available for patients as needed until 30 April 2018, Biogen and Abbvie announced a voluntary withdrawal of their product Zinbryta (daclizumab) from the global market on 2 March 2018 [L1738]. This withdrawal was concurrent to the European Medicines Agency announcement of a recall owing to 12 worldwide reports of serious inflammatory brain disorders associated with the use of Zinbryta (daclizumab) [L1738].		
DB00112	Bevacizumab	approved,investigational	There is a great deal of evidence indicating that vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is important for the survival and proliferation of cancer cells.[A192939,A192837,A192891,A193275] VEGF plays an important role in angiogenesis, lymphangiogenesis, and tumor growth, which are all factors that contribute to its attractiveness as a therapeutic target for anti-cancer therapies.[A192834,A192888,A192837,A192891,A192894] In 2004, bevacizumab (Avastin) gained FDA approval for specific types of cancer, and became the first antiangiogenic agent introduced to the market.[A193272,A193275] It is a humanized monoclonal IgG antibody, and inhibits angiogenesis by binding and neutralizing VEGF-A.[A192888,A192939] Bevacizumab is generally indicated for use in combination with different chemotherapy regimens which are specific to the type, severity, and stage of cancer.[L12648] Interestingly, researchers have identified higher VEGF expression in patients with COVID-19, which may contribute to lung pathologies including acute respiratory syndrome (ARDS) and acute lung injury (ALI).[L12699] As such, bevacizumab is being investigated for the treatment of lung complications associated with severe cases of COVID-19.[L12699]	Bevacizumab Action Pathway	
DB00113	Technetium Tc-99m arcitumomab	experimental	Reduced Fab fragment of the murine IgG1 monoclonal antibody IMMU-4 (also called NP-4) with specificity for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) covalently labeled with Technitium 99. The molecule has a molecular weight of ~54,000 Daltons.		
DB00114	Pyridoxal phosphate	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	This is the active form of vitamin B6 serving as a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. During transamination of amino acids, pyridoxal phosphate is transiently converted into pyridoxamine phosphate (pyridoxamine).	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Tyrosine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Propanoate Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Taurine and Hypotaurine Metabolism,Porphyrin Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Histidinemia,Tyrosinemia Type I,Saccharopinuria/Hyperlysinemia II,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Globoid Cell Leukodystrophy,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Disulfiram Action Pathway,Carnitine Synthesis	
DB00115	Cyanocobalamin	approved,nutraceutical	Cyanocobalamin (commonly known as Vitamin B12) is a highly complex, essential vitamin, owing its name to the fact that it contains the mineral, cobalt. This vitamin is produced naturally by bacteria [A175276], and is necessary for DNA synthesis and cellular energy production. Vitamin B12 has many forms, including the cyano-, methyl-, deoxyadenosyl- and hydroxy-cobalamin forms. The _cyano_ form, is the most widely used form in supplements and prescription drugs [A175255], [FDA label].  Several pharmaceutical forms of cyanocobalamin have been developed, including the tablet, injection, and nasal spray forms [FDA label], [L5542], [L5545].  This drug was initially approved by the FDA in 1942 [FDA label].		
DB00116	Tetrahydrofolic acid	nutraceutical	Tetrahydrofolic acid is a folic acid derivative that is produced from dihydrofolic acid after conversion by dihydrofolate reductase. It is converted into 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate by serine hydroxymethyltransferase. It is a soluble coenzyme in many reactions, especially in the metabolism of amino acids and nucleic acids.	Methionine Metabolism,Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Methotrexate Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II,Folate Malabsorption, Hereditary,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Histidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Histidinemia,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Folate Metabolism,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency	
DB00117	Histidine	investigational,nutraceutical	An essential amino acid that is required for the production of histamine.	Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Tobramycin Action Pathway,Rolitetracycline Action Pathway,Ammonia Recycling,Histidine Metabolism,Histidinemia,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Methylhistidine Metabolism,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,beta-Alanine Metabolism,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway	
DB00118	Ademetionine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Physiologic methyl radical donor involved in enzymatic transmethylation reactions and present in all living organisms. It possesses anti-inflammatory activity and has been used in treatment of chronic liver disease. (From Merck, 11th ed)	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Histidinemia,Tyrosinemia Type I,Phenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Carnitine Synthesis,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Methylhistidine Metabolism,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z))	
DB00119	Pyruvic acid	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	An intermediate compound in the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. In thiamine deficiency, its oxidation is retarded and it accumulates in the tissues, especially in nervous structures. (From Stedman, 26th ed)	Cysteine Metabolism,Glycolysis,Amino Sugar Metabolism,Alanine Metabolism,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Pyruvate Carboxylase Deficiency,Homocarnosinosis,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Glycogenosis, Type VII. Tarui Disease,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Deficiency 1 (PEPCK1),Glycogenosis, Type IB,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Cystinosis, Ocular Nonnephropathic,The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,The Oncogenic Action of L-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Citrullinemia Type I,Urea Cycle,Glucose-Alanine Cycle,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),Ornithine Transcarbamylase Deficiency (OTC Deficiency),Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Sarcosinemia,Lactic Acidemia,Primary Hyperoxaluria Type I,Argininemia	
DB00120	Phenylalanine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Phenylalanine is an essential aromatic amino acid that is a precursor of melanin, [dopamine], [noradrenalin] (norepinephrine), and [thyroxine].	Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Phenylketonuria,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome)	
DB00121	Biotin	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk.	Biotin Metabolism,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Lactic Acidemia,Primary Hyperoxaluria Type I,Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1A (GSD1A) or Von Gierke Disease,Transfer of Acetyl Groups into Mitochondria,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Congenital Lactic Acidosis,Fumarase Deficiency,Mitochondrial Complex II Deficiency,2-Ketoglutarate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Fructose-1,6-diphosphatase Deficiency,Triosephosphate Isomerase,Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Warburg Effect,The Oncogenic Action of 2-Hydroxyglutarate,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,Alanine Metabolism,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Pyruvate Carboxylase Deficiency	
DB00122	Choline	approved,nutraceutical	A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.	Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/22:2(13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/24:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/18:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:3(8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:0)	
DB00123	L-Lysine	approved,nutraceutical	L-Lysine (abbreviated as Lys or K) is an α-amino acid with the chemical formula HO2CCH(NH2)(CH2)4NH2. This amino acid is an essential amino acid, which means that humans cannot synthesize it. Its codons are AAA and AAG. L-Lysine is a base, as are arginine and histidine. The ε-amino group acts as a site for hydrogen binding and a general base in catalysis. Common posttranslational modifications include methylation of the ε-amino group, giving methyl-, dimethyl-, and trimethyllysine. The latter occurs in calmodulin. Other posttranslational modifications include acetylation. Collagen contains hydroxylysine which is derived from lysine by lysyl hydroxylase. O-Glycosylation of lysine residues in the endoplasmic reticulum or Golgi apparatus is used to mark certain proteins for secretion from the cell.	Biotin Metabolism,2-Aminoadipic 2-Oxoadipic Aciduria,Lysine Degradation,Hyperlysinemia II or Saccharopinuria,Multiple Carboxylase Deficiency, Neonatal or Early Onset Form,Pyridoxine Dependency with Seizures,Biotinidase Deficiency,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Saccharopinuria/Hyperlysinemia II,Carnitine Synthesis,Hyperlysinemia I, Familial	
DB00125	Arginine	investigational,nutraceutical	An essential amino acid that is physiologically active in the L-form.	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Citrullinemia Type I,Urea Cycle,Aspartate Metabolism,Canavan Disease,Hypoacetylaspartia,Ornithine Transcarbamylase Deficiency (OTC Deficiency),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Argininemia,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Nitric Oxide Signaling Pathway	
DB00126	Ascorbic acid	approved,nutraceutical	A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant.	Oxidation of Branched-Chain Fatty Acids,Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Phytanic Acid Peroxisomal Oxidation,Carnitine Synthesis,The Oncogenic Action of Succinate,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Refsum Disease,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB00127	Spermine	experimental,nutraceutical	Spermine is a spermidine-derived biogenic polyamine found as a polycation at all pH values. Found in various tissues and organisms, it often acts as an essential growth factor in some bacterial species. Spermine is associated with nucleic acids, particularly in viruses, and is thought to stabilize the helical structure.	Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis	
DB00128	Aspartic acid	approved,nutraceutical	One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter.	Malate-Aspartate Shuttle,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Homocarnosinosis,Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Tyrosine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Tyrosinemia Type I,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Disulfiram Action Pathway,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT)	
DB00129	Ornithine	approved,nutraceutical	Produced during the urea cycle, ornithine is an amino acid produced from the splitting off of urea from arginine. L-Ornithine allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen and acts as a precursor of citrulline and arginine.	Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Citrullinemia Type I,Urea Cycle,Ornithine Transcarbamylase Deficiency (OTC Deficiency),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Argininemia,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis,Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome]	
DB00130	L-Glutamine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A non-essential amino acid present abundantly throughout the body and is involved in many metabolic processes. It is synthesized from glutamic acid and ammonia. It is the principal carrier of nitrogen in the body and is an important energy source for many cells. An oral formulation of L-glutamine was approved by the FDA in July 2017 for use in sickle cell disease [L892]. This oral formulation is marketed under the tradename Endari by Emmaus Medical.	Amino Sugar Metabolism,Phenylacetate Metabolism,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Homocarnosinosis,Xanthinuria Type I,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,The Oncogenic Action of L-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Ammonia Recycling,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Tay-Sachs Disease,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Glutaminolysis and Cancer,The Oncogenic Action of D-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Citrullinemia Type I	
DB00131	Adenosine phosphate	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Adenylic acid. Adenine nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the sugar moiety in the 2&#39;-, 3&#39;-, or 5&#39;-position.	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Propanoate Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Histidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Fatty Acid Metabolism,Pyruvate Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Butyrate Metabolism,Thiamine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Histidinemia,Leigh Syndrome,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I	
DB00132	alpha-Linolenic acid	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is a polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid. It is a component of many common vegetable oils and is important to human nutrition.	Alpha Linolenic Acid and Linoleic Acid Metabolism	
DB00133	Serine	investigational,nutraceutical	A non-essential amino acid occurring in natural form as the L-isomer. It is synthesized from glycine or threonine. It is involved in the biosynthesis of purines; pyrimidines; and other amino acids.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Globoid Cell Leukodystrophy,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/14:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/18:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/18:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/20:4(8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/22:1(13Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/22:2(13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:0/24:1(15Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/14:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/18:3(6Z,9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/20:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/20:3(8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/20:4(8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(14:1(9Z)/24:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/14:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/15:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/16:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/18:0),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/18:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylethanolamine Biosynthesis PE(15:0/18:1(9Z))	
DB00134	Methionine	approved,nutraceutical	A sulfur containing essential amino acid that is important in many body functions. It is a chelating agent for heavy metals.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway,Chloramphenicol Action Pathway,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD)	
DB00135	Tyrosine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Tyrosine is a non-essential amino acid. In animals it is synthesized from [phenylalanine]. It is also the precursor of [epinephrine], thyroid hormones, and melanin.	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Phenylketonuria,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Tyrosinemia Type I,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Disulfiram Action Pathway,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome),Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB00136	Calcitriol	approved,nutraceutical	Calcitriol is an active metabolite of vitamin D with 3 hydroxyl (OH) groups and is commonly referred to as 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol, or 1alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub>, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub>. It is produced in the body after series of conversion steps of 7-dehydrocholesterol from exposure to UV light. 7-dehydrocholesterol is converted to [DB00169] (vitamin D3) in the skin, which is then converted to [DB00146] in the liver and kidneys. [DB00146] undergoes hydroxylation to form calcitriol via 1α-hydroxylase (CYP27B1) activity [A26353]. Calcitriol is considered to be the most potent metabolite of vitamin D in humans [A3366]. Renal production of calcitriol is stimulated in response to PTH, low calcium and low phosphate [A26353]. Calcitriol plays a role in plasma calcium regulation in concert with parathyroid hormone (PTH) by enhancing absorption of dietary calcium and phosphate from the gastrointestinal tract, promoting renal tubular reabsorption of calcium in the kidneys, and stimulating the release of calcium stores from the skeletal system. In addition to promoting fatty acid synthesis and inhibiting lipolysis, calcitriol has been demonstrated to increase energy efficiency by suppressing UCP2 expression, which is modulated by signaling pathways of classical nuclear receptors (nVDR), where calcitriol acts as a natural ligand [A175615]. There is also evidence that calcitriol modulates the action of cytokines and may regulate immune and inflammatory response, cell turnover, cell differentiation [A26353]. Administered orally and intravenously, calcitriol is commonly used as a medication in the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism and resultant metabolic bone disease, hypocalcemia in patients undergoing chronic renal dialysis, and osteoporosis. It is also available in topical form for the treatment of mild to moderate plaque psoriasis in adults. Calcitriol is marketed under various trade names including Rocaltrol (Roche), Calcijex (Abbott) and Decostriol (Mibe, Jesalis).		
DB00137	Lutein	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Lutein is an xanthophyll and one of 600 known naturally occurring carotenoids. Lutein is synthesized only by plants and like other xanthophylls is found in high quantities in green leafy vegetables such as spinach, kale and yellow carrots. In green plants, xanthophylls act to modulate light energy and serve as non-photochemical quenching agents to deal with triplet chlorophyll (an excited form of chlorophyll), which is overproduced at very high light levels, during photosynthesis.		
DB00138	Cystine	approved,nutraceutical	A covalently linked dimeric nonessential amino acid formed by the oxidation of cysteine. Two molecules of cysteine are joined together by a disulfide bridge to form cystine.		
DB00139	Succinic acid	approved,nutraceutical	A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851)	Ketone Body Metabolism,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Refsum Disease,Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Congenital Lactic Acidosis,Fumarase Deficiency,Mitochondrial Complex II Deficiency,2-Ketoglutarate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Warburg Effect,The Oncogenic Action of 2-Hydroxyglutarate,Oxidation of Branched-Chain Fatty Acids,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Homocarnosinosis,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency	
DB00140	Riboflavin	approved,investigational,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.	Riboflavin Metabolism	
DB00141	N-Acetylglucosamine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.	Amino Sugar Metabolism,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Tay-Sachs Disease	
DB00142	Glutamic acid	approved,nutraceutical	A peptide that is a homopolymer of glutamic acid.	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Tyrosine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Propanoate Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Histidinemia,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Tyrosinemia Type I,Saccharopinuria/Hyperlysinemia II,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Diflunisal Action Pathway,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome	
DB00143	Glutathione	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A tripeptide with many roles in cells. It conjugates to drugs to make them more soluble for excretion, is a cofactor for some enzymes, is involved in protein disulfide bond rearrangement and reduces peroxides.	Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,5-Oxoprolinase Deficiency,Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Antipyrine Action Pathway,Flurbiprofen Action Pathway,Nepafenac Action Pathway,Glutathione Metabolism,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway,Meloxicam Action Pathway,Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway,Oxaprozin Action Pathway,Naproxen Action Pathway,5-Oxoprolinuria,Glutathione Synthetase Deficiency,Homocarnosinosis,Cyclophosphamide Action Pathway,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Cyclophosphamide Metabolism Pathway,Acetaminophen Metabolism Pathway	
DB00144	Phosphatidyl serine	investigational,nutraceutical	Phosphatidyl serine (PS) is a phospholipid nutrient found in fish, green leafy vegetables, soybeans and rice, and is essential for the normal functioning of neuronal cell membranes and activates Protein kinase C (PKC) which has been shown to be involved in memory function. In apoptosis, phosphatidyl serine is transferred to the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane. This is part of the process by which the cell is targeted for phagocytosis. PS has been shown to slow cognitive decline in animal models. PS has been investigated in a small number of double-blind placebo trials and has been shown to increase memory performance in the elderly. Because of the potentail cognitive benefits of phosphatidylserine, the substance is sold as a dietary supplement to people who believe they can benefit from an increased intake.The dietary supplement was originally processed from bovine sources however Prion disease scares in the 1990s outlawed this process, and a soy-based alternative was adopted.	Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/22:2(13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/24:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/18:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:3(8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/18:1(9Z))	
DB00145	Glycine	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	A non-essential amino acid. It is found primarily in gelatin and silk fibroin and used therapeutically as a nutrient. It is also a fast inhibitory neurotransmitter.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Porphyrin Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Carnitine Synthesis,gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Methionine Metabolism,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Prolidase Deficiency (PD)	
DB00146	Calcifediol	approved,nutraceutical	The major circulating metabolite of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). It is produced in the liver and is the best indicator of the body's vitamin D stores. It is effective in the treatment of rickets and osteomalacia, both in azotemic and non-azotemic patients. Calcifediol also has mineralizing properties.		
DB00147	Pyridoxal	experimental,nutraceutical	The 4-carboxyaldehyde form of vitamin B 6 which is converted to pyridoxal phosphate which is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. [PubChem]	2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Isovaleric Acidemia,Vitamin B6 Metabolism,3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Hypophosphatasia,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Acid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Aciduria	
DB00148	Creatine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	An amino acid derivative that occurs in vertebrate tissues and in urine.  In muscle tissue, creatine generally occurs as phosphocreatine.  Creatine is excreted as creatinine in the urine.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB00149	Leucine	investigational,nutraceutical	An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation.	2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Isovaleric Acidemia,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Glutaminolysis and Cancer,3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway,Chloramphenicol Action Pathway,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III	
DB00150	Tryptophan	approved,nutraceutical,withdrawn	An essential amino acid that is necessary for normal growth in infants and for nitrogen balance in adults. It is a precursor of indole alkaloids in plants. It is a precursor of serotonin (hence its use as an antidepressant and sleep aid). It can be a precursor to niacin, albeit inefficiently, in mammals.	Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB00151	Cysteine	approved,nutraceutical	A thiol-containing non-essential amino acid that is oxidized to form cystine.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Taurine and Hypotaurine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Polythiazide Action Pathway,Bumetanide Action Pathway,Quinethazone Action Pathway,Indapamide Action Pathway,Trichlormethiazide Action Pathway,Spironolactone Action Pathway,Eplerenone Action Pathway,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,Pantothenate and CoA Biosynthesis,Methionine Metabolism,Chlorothiazide Action Pathway,Bendroflumethiazide Action Pathway,Ethacrynic Acid Action Pathway,Cyclothiazide Action Pathway,Hydroflumethiazide Action Pathway,Chlorthalidone Action Pathway,Amiloride Action Pathway,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,Glucose Transporter Defect (SGLT2),Iminoglycinuria,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Sarcosinemia	
DB00152	Thiamine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.	Thiamine Metabolism	
DB00153	Ergocalciferol	approved,nutraceutical	Ergocalciferol is an inactivated vitamin D analog.[A177526] It is synthesized by some plants in the presence of UVB light.[T577] The production of ergocalciferol was prompted by the identification of dietary deficiency, more specifically vitamin D, as the main causative factor for the development of rickets. Ergocalciferol was isolated for the first time from yeast in 1931 and its structure was elucidated in 1932.[T580]Ergocalciferol is considered the first vitamin D analog and is differentiated from [cholecalciferol] by the presence of a double bond between C22 and C23 and the presence of a methyl group at C24. These modifications reduce the affinity of ergocalciferol for the vitamin D binding protein resulting in faster clearance, limits its activation, and alters its catabolism.[A177637]The first approved product containing ergocalciferol under the FDA records was developed by US Pharm Holdings and was FDA approved in 1941.[L6058]		
DB00154	Dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid	investigational,nutraceutical	A 20-carbon-chain fatty acid, unsaturated at positions 8, 11, and 14. It differs from arachidonic acid, 5,8,11,14-eicosatetraenoic acid, only at position 5.	Alpha Linolenic Acid and Linoleic Acid Metabolism	
DB00155	Citrulline	investigational,nutraceutical	Citrulline is an amino acid. It is made from ornithine and carbamoyl phosphate in one of the central reactions in the urea cycle. It is also produced from arginine as a by-product of the reaction catalyzed by NOS family. Its name is derived from citrullus, the Latin word for watermelon, from which it was first isolated.	Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Citrullinemia Type I,Urea Cycle,Aspartate Metabolism,Canavan Disease,Hypoacetylaspartia,Ornithine Transcarbamylase Deficiency (OTC Deficiency),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Argininemia,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Nitric Oxide Signaling Pathway	
DB00156	Threonine	approved,nutraceutical	An essential amino acid occurring naturally in the L-form, which is the active form. It is found in eggs, milk, gelatin, and other proteins.	Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Threonine and 2-Oxobutanoate Degradation,Tobramycin Action Pathway,Rolitetracycline Action Pathway,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway	
DB00157	NADH	approved,nutraceutical	NADH is the reduced form of NAD+, and NAD+ is the oxidized form of NADH, a coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-diphosphate coupled to adenosine 5'-phosphate by pyrophosphate linkage. It is found widely in nature and is involved in numerous enzymatic reactions in which it serves as an electron carrier by being alternately oxidized (NAD+) and reduced (NADH). It forms NADP with the addition of a phosphate group to the 2' position of the adenosyl nucleotide through an ester linkage. (Dorland, 27th ed)	Nucleotide Sugars Metabolism,Cysteine Metabolism,Caffeine Metabolism,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,Lysine Degradation,Glycolysis,Folate Metabolism,Tryptophan Metabolism,Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Glycerol Phosphate Shuttle,Malate-Aspartate Shuttle,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Ethylmalonic Encephalopathy,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Glycerol Kinase Deficiency,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Short-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (SCAD Deficiency),Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Zellweger Syndrome	
DB00158	Folic acid	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Folic acid, also known as folate or Vitamin B9, is a member of the B vitamin family and an essential cofactor for enzymes involved in DNA and RNA synthesis. More specifically, folic acid is required by the body for the synthesis of purines, pyrimidines, and methionine before incorporation into DNA or protein. Folic acid is particularly important during phases of rapid cell division, such as infancy, pregnancy, and erythropoiesis, and plays a protective factor in the development of cancer. As humans are unable to synthesize folic acid endogenously, diet and supplementation is necessary to prevent deficiencies. For example, folic acid is present in green vegetables, beans, avocado, and some fruits.[L5744]In order to function within the body, folic acid must first be reduced by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) into the cofactors dihydrofolate (DHF) and tetrahydrofolate (THF). This important pathway, which is required for de novo synthesis of nucleic acids and amino acids, is disrupted by anti-metabolite therapies such as [DB00563] as they function as DHFR inhibitors to prevent DNA synthesis in rapidly dividing cells, and therefore prevent the formation of DHF and THF. When used in high doses such as for cancer therapy, or in low doses such as for Rheumatoid Arthritis or psoriasis, [DB00563] impedes the body's ability to create folic acid. This results in a deficiency of coenzymes and a resultant buildup of toxic substances that are responsible for numerous adverse side effects. As a result, supplementation with 1-5mg of folic acid is recommended to prevent deficiency and a number of side effects associated with MTX therapy including mouth ulcers and gastrointestinal irritation. [DB00650] (also known as folinic acid) supplementation is typically used for high-dose MTX regimens for the treatment of cancer. Levoleucovorin and leucovorin are analogs of tetrahydrofolate (THF) and are able to bypass DHFR reduction to act as a cellular replacement for the co-factor THF.There are also several antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) that are associated with reduced serum and red blood cell folate, including [DB00564] (CBZ), [DB00252] (PHT), or barbiturates.[A37004] Folic acid is therefore often provided as supplementation to individuals using these medications, particularly to women of child-bearing age. Inadequate folate levels can result in a number of health concerns including cardiovascular disease, megaloblastic anemias, cognitive deficiencies, and neural tube defects (NTDs). Folic acid is typically supplemented during pregnancy to prevent the development of NTDs and in individuals with alcoholism to prevent the development of neurological disorders, for example.	Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Folate Metabolism,Methotrexate Action Pathway,Folate Malabsorption, Hereditary	
DB00159	Icosapent	approved,nutraceutical	Important polyunsaturated fatty acid found in fish oils. It serves as the precursor for the prostaglandin-3 and thromboxane-3 families. A diet rich in eicosapentaenoic acid lowers serum lipid concentration, reduces incidence of cardiovascular disorders, prevents platelet aggregation, and inhibits arachidonic acid conversion into the thromboxane-2 and prostaglandin-2 families.	Alpha Linolenic Acid and Linoleic Acid Metabolism	
DB00160	Alanine	nutraceutical	Alanine is a non-essential amino acid that occurs in high levels in its free state in plasma. It is produced from pyruvate by transamination. It is involved in sugar and acid metabolism, increases immunity, and provides energy for muscle tissue, brain, and the central nervous system.	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Glutaminolysis and Cancer,Glutathione Metabolism,Alanine Metabolism,Tryptophan Metabolism,5-Oxoprolinuria,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway	
DB00161	Valine	approved,nutraceutical	Valine is a branched-chain essential amino acid that has stimulant activity. It promotes muscle growth and tissue repair. It is a precursor in the penicillin biosynthetic pathway.	Propanoate Metabolism,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Isovaleric Acidemia,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway,Chloramphenicol Action Pathway,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation	
DB00162	Vitamin A	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products.	Retinol Metabolism,Vitamin A Deficiency	
DB00163	Vitamin E	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	In 1922, vitamin E was demonstrated to be an essential nutrient[A32448]. Vitamin E is a term used to describe 8 different fat soluble tocopherols and tocotrienols, alpha-tocopherol being the most biologically active[A176104]. Vitamin E acts as an antioxidant, protecting cell membranes from oxidative damage[A176104]. The antioxidant effects are currently being researched for use in the treatment of diseases causing bone loss, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus and associated comorbidities, eye diseases, inflammatory diseases (including skin conditions), lipid disorders, neurological diseases, and radiation damage[A176369]. Though this research is so far inconclusive, vitamin E remains a popular supplement and is generally considered safe by the FDA[FDA Label].		
DB00165	Pyridoxine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6, an important water-soluble vitamin that is naturally present in many foods. As its classification as a vitamin implies, Vitamin B6 (and pyridoxine) are essential nutrients required for normal functioning of many biological systems within the body. While many plants and microorganisms are able to synthesize pyridoxine through endogenous biological processes, animals must obtain it through their diet. More specifically, pyridoxine is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body, which is an important coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, and aminolevulinic acid. It's important to note that Vitamin B6 is the collective term for a group of three related compounds, pyridoxine, pyridoxal, and pyridoxamine, and their phosphorylated derivatives, pyridoxine 5'-phosphate, pyridoxal 5'-phosphate and pyridoxamine 5'-phosphate. Although all six of these compounds should technically be referred to as vitamin B6, the term vitamin B6 is commonly used interchangeably with just one of them, pyridoxine [A32836]. Vitamin B6, principally in its biologically active coenzyme form pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, is involved in a wide range of biochemical reactions, including the metabolism of amino acids and glycogen, the synthesis of nucleic acids, hemogloblin, sphingomyelin and other sphingolipids, and the synthesis of the neurotransmitters serotonin, dopamine, norepinephrine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) [A32837]. Pyridoxine is used medically for the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy (due to [DB00951]'s mechanism of action which competitively inhibits the action of pyridoxine in the above-mentioned metabolic functions). It is also used in combination with [DB00366] (as the commercially available product Diclectin) for the treatment of nausea and vomiting in pregnancy.	Vitamin B6 Metabolism,Hypophosphatasia	
DB00166	Lipoic acid	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A vitamin-like antioxidant.		
DB00167	Isoleucine	investigational,nutraceutical	An essential branched-chain aliphatic amino acid found in many proteins. It is an isomer of leucine. It is important in hemoglobin synthesis and regulation of blood sugar and energy levels.	2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Isovaleric Acidemia,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway,Chloramphenicol Action Pathway,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV	
DB00168	Aspartame	investigational,nutraceutical	Flavoring agent sweeter than sugar, metabolized as phenylalanine and aspartic acid.		
DB00169	Cholecalciferol	approved,nutraceutical	Vitamin D, in general, is a secosteroid generated in the skin when 7-dehydrocholesterol located there interacts with ultraviolet irradiation - like that commonly found in sunlight [L5689]. Both the endogenous form of vitamin D (that results from 7-dehydrocholesterol transformation), vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol), and the plant-derived form, vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol), are considered the main forms of vitamin d and are found in various types of food for daily intake [L5689]. Structurally, ergocalciferol differs from cholecalciferol in that it possesses a double bond between C22 and C23 and has an additional methyl group at C24 [L5689]. Finally, ergocalciferol is pharmacologically less potent than cholecalciferol, which makes vitamin D3 the preferred agent for medical use [L5689].Appropriate levels of vitamin D must be upheld in the body in order to maintain calcium and phosphorus levels in a healthy physiologic range to sustain a variety of metabolic functions, transcription regulation, and bone metabolism [A223, L5689, L1782, L5771, F4027, F4042, F4048]. However, studies are also ongoing to determine whether or not cholecalciferol may also play certain roles in cancer, autoimmune disorders, cardiovascular disease, and other medical conditions that may be associated with vitamin D deficiency [L5689].	Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease	
DB00170	Menadione	approved,nutraceutical	A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo.		
DB00171	ATP	investigational,nutraceutical	An adenine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. In addition to its crucial roles in metabolism adenosine triphosphate is a neurotransmitter.	Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Inositol Metabolism,Propanoate Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Glycerolipid Metabolism,Galactose Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Fatty Acid Metabolism,Citric Acid Cycle,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Pyruvate Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Butyrate Metabolism,Thiamine Metabolism,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Betaine Metabolism,Gluconeogenesis,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB00172	Proline	nutraceutical	Proline is one of the twenty amino acids used in living organisms as the building blocks of proteins. Proline is sometimes called an imino acid, although the IUPAC definition of an imine requires a carbon-nitrogen double bond. Proline is a non-essential amino acid that is synthesized from glutamic acid. It is an essential component of collagen and is important for proper functioning of joints and tendons.	Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,The Oncogenic Action of Succinate,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Tobramycin Action Pathway,Rolitetracycline Action Pathway,The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II	
DB00173	Adenine	approved,nutraceutical	A purine base and a fundamental unit of adenine nucleotides.	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB00174	Asparagine	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A non-essential amino acid that is involved in the metabolic control of cell functions in nerve and brain tissue. It is biosynthesized from aspartic acid and ammonia by asparagine synthetase. (From Concise Encyclopedia Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 3rd ed)	Ammonia Recycling,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Tobramycin Action Pathway,Rolitetracycline Action Pathway,Aspartate Metabolism,Canavan Disease,Hypoacetylaspartia,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Tigecycline Action Pathway	
DB00175	Pravastatin	approved	Pravastatin is the 6-alpha-hydroxy acid form of [mevastatin].[T303] Pravastatin was firstly approved in 1991 becoming the second available statin in the United States. It was the first statin administered as the active form and not as a prodrug.[T274] This drug was developed by Sankyo Co. Ltd.; however, the first approved pravastatin product was developed by Bristol Myers Squibb and FDA approved in 1991.[L6142]Pravastatin is made through a fermentation process in which [mevastatin] is first obtained. The manufacturing process is followed by the hydrolysis of the lactone group and the biological hydroxylation with _Streptomyces carbophilus_ to introduce the allylic 6-alcohol group.[T239]	Pravastatin Action Pathway	
DB00176	Fluvoxamine	approved,investigational	Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant which functions pharmacologically as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Though it is in the same class as other SSRI drugs, it is most often used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.Fluvoxamine has been in use in clinical practice since 1983 and has a clinical trial database comprised of approximately 35,000 patients. It was launched in the US in December 1994 and in Japan in June 1999. As of the end of 1995, more than 10 million patients worldwide have been treated with fluvoxamine.		
DB00177	Valsartan	approved,investigational	Valsartan belongs to the angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) family of drugs, which also includes [telmisartan], [candesartan], [losartan], [olmesartan], and [irbesartan]. ARBs selectively bind to angiotensin receptor 1 (AT1) and prevent the protein angiotensin II from binding and exerting its hypertensive effects, which include vasoconstriction, stimulation and synthesis of aldosterone and ADH, cardiac stimulation, and renal reabsorption of sodium, among others. Overall, valsartan's physiologic effects lead to reduced blood pressure, lower aldosterone levels, reduced cardiac activity, and increased excretion of sodium. Valsartan also affects the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system (RAAS), which plays an important role in hemostasis and regulation of kidney, vascular, and cardiac functions. Pharmacological blockade of RAAS via  AT1 receptor blockade inhibits negative regulatory feedback within RAAS, which is a contributing factor to the pathogenesis and progression of cardiovascular disease, heart failure, and renal disease. In particular, heart failure is associated with chronic activation of RAAS, leading to inappropriate fluid retention, vasoconstriction, and ultimately a further decline in left ventricular function. ARBs have been shown to have a protective effect on the heart by improving cardiac function, reducing afterload, increasing cardiac output and preventing ventricular hypertrophy and remodelling.[A174154] By comparison, the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) class of medications (which includes drugs such as [ramipril], [lisinopril], and [perindopril]) inhibit the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II through inhibition of the ACE enzyme. However, this does not prevent the formation of all angiotensin II within the body. The angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) family of drugs unique in that it blocks all angiotensin II activity, regardless of where or how it was synthesized. Valsartan is commonly used for the management of hypertension, heart failure, and Type 2 Diabetes-associated nephropathy, particularly in patients who are unable to tolerate ACE inhibitors. ARBs such as valsartan have been shown in a number of large-scale clinical outcomes trials to improve cardiovascular outcomes including reducing risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, the progression of heart failure, and hospitalization.[A174124,A178153,A173869,A185324,A185327,A185333,A185342,A185345] Valsartan also slows the progression of diabetic nephropathy due to its renoprotective effects.[A174157,A174160,A174163] Improvements in chronic kidney disease with valsartan include both clinically and statistically significant decreases in urinary albumin and protein excretion in patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and in nondiabetic patients diagnosed with chronic kidney disease.[A174124,A173869]Valsartan was initially approved in 1996 in Europe for the treatment of hypertension in adults. Shortly after, in 1997, this drug was approved in the United States.[A174124] Valsartan is generally well-tolerated with a side-effect profile superior to that of other antihypertensive drugs.[A174130,A174133]	Valsartan Action Pathway	
DB00178	Ramipril	approved	Ramipril is a prodrug belonging to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is metabolized to ramiprilat in the liver and, to a lesser extent, kidneys. Ramiprilat is a potent, competitive inhibitor of ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Ramipril may be used in the treatment of hypertension, congestive heart failure, nephropathy, and to reduce the rate of death, myocardial infarction and stroke in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular events.	Ramipril Action Pathway,Ramipril Metabolism Pathway	
DB00179	Masoprocol	approved,investigational	A potent lipoxygenase inhibitor that interferes with arachidonic acid metabolism. The compound also inhibits formyltetrahydrofolate synthetase, carboxylesterase, and cyclooxygenase to a lesser extent. It also serves as an antioxidant in fats and oils. [PubChem]		
DB00180	Flunisolide	approved,investigational	Flunisolide (marketed as AeroBid, Nasalide, Nasarel) is a corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory actions. It is often prescribed as treatment for allergic rhinitis and its principle mechanism of action involves activation of glucocorticoid receptors.		
DB00181	Baclofen	approved	Baclofen is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) agonist used as a skeletal muscle relaxant used for the relief of painful and uncomfortable muscle spasms caused by a variety of conditions.  It is known to be particularly useful in treating muscle spasticity associated with spinal cord injury [FDA label].  This drug has recently been studied for the management of alcohol withdrawal, however, a conclusion has not been made regarding baclofen efficacy in this condition [A173908], [A173911], [A173938].This drug was initially approved by the FDA in 1992 [F4570]. It is available in tablet form [FDA label], injection form [F4570], and powder form (for suspension) [L6130].		
DB00182	Amphetamine	approved,illicit,investigational	Amphetamine, a compound discovered over 100 years ago, is one of the more restricted controlled drugs. It was previously used for a large variety of conditions and this changed until this point where its use is highly restricted. Amphetamine, with the chemical formula alpha-methylphenethylamine, was discovered in 1910 and first synthesized by 1927. After being proven to reduce drug-induced anesthesia and produce arousal and insomnia, amphetamine racemic mix was registered by Smith, Kline and French in 1935. Amphetamine structure presents one chiral center and it exists in the form of dextro- and levo-isomers.[A18540] The first product of Smith, Kline and French was approved by the FDA on 1976.[L5194]During World War II, amphetamine was used to promote wakefulness in the soldiers. This use derived into a large overproduction of amphetamine and all the surplus after the war finalized ended up in the black market, producing the initiation of the illicit abuse.[A18540]		
DB00183	Pentagastrin	approved	A synthetic pentapeptide that mimics the actions of endogenous gastrin when given parenterally. It works by stimulating the secretion of gastric acid, pepsin, and intrinsic factor. It has also been used as a diagnostic aid.		
DB00184	Nicotine	approved	Nicotine is highly toxic alkaloid. It is the prototypical agonist at nicotinic cholinergic receptors where it dramatically stimulates neurons and ultimately blocks synaptic transmission. Nicotine is also important medically because of its presence in tobacco smoke.	Nicotine Action Pathway,Nicotine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00185	Cevimeline	approved	Cevimeline is a parasympathomimetic agent that act as an agonist at the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors M1 and M3. It is indicated by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of dry mouth associated with Sjögren's syndrome.		
DB00186	Lorazepam	approved	Lorazepam is a short-acting and rapidly cleared benzodiazepine used commonly as a sedative and anxiolytic.[A957] It was developed by DJ Richards, presented and marketed initially by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals in the USA in 1977. The first historic FDA label approval is reported in 1985 by the company Mutual Pharm.[L5095]		
DB00187	Esmolol	approved	Esmolol, commonly marketed under the trade name Brevibloc, is a cardioselective beta-1 receptor blocker. It has a rapid onset but short duration of action without causing significant intrinsic sympathomimetic or membrane stabilizing activities at recommended therapeutic doses. It works by blocking beta-adrenergic receptors in the heart, which leads to decreased force and rate of heart contractions. Esmolol prevents the action of two naturally occurring substances: epinephrine and norepinephrine.	Esmolol Action Pathway	
DB00188	Bortezomib	approved,investigational	Bortezomib is a dipeptide boronic acid derivative and proteasome inhibitor used to treat multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma. It is a reversible inhibitor of the 26S proteasome, which is a protein complex that degrades ubiquitinated proteins in the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway. Inhibition of 26S proteasome leads to cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of cancer cells.[L14180] While inhibition of the 26S proteasome is the main mechanism of action, multiple mechanisms may involved in the therapeutic action of bortezomib.[A204083]In May 2003, bortezomib became the first anticancer proteasome inhibitor that was approved by the FDA.[A204146] Phase I, II, III, and IV clinical trials are undergoing to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of bortezomib in leukemia, myasthenia gravis, systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and solid tumours.[A214307]		
DB00189	Ethchlorvynol	approved,illicit,withdrawn	Ethchlorvynol is a sedative and hypnotic drug. It has been used to treat insomnia, but has been largely superseded and is only offered where an intolerance or allergy to other drugs exists.		
DB00190	Carbidopa	approved	Carbidopa presents a chemical denomination of N-amino-alpha-methyl-3-hydroxy-L-tyrosine monohydrate. It potently inhibits aromatic amino acid decarboxylase (DDC) and due to its chemical properties, it does not cross the blood-brain barrier. Due to its activity, carbidopa is always administered concomitantly with [levodopa]. An individual formulation containing solely carbidopa was generated to treat nausea in patients where the combination therapy [levodopa]/carbidopa is not efficient reducing nausea.[T394] The first approved product by the FDA containing only carbidopa was developed by Amerigens Pharmaceuticals Ltd and approved on 2014.[L5110] On the other hand, the combination treatment of carbidopa/levodopa was originally developed by Watson Labs but the historical information by the FDA brings back to the approval of this combination therapy developed by Mayne Pharma in 1992.[L5113]		
DB00191	Phentermine	approved,illicit	Phentermine is a sympathomimetic amine anorectic agent and it was introduced in 1959 as part of an anti-obesity combination drug.[A174361, A174364] It is chemically related to amphetamine and it is commonly referred to as an atypical amphetamine.[A174370] Phentermine has not been reported an addictive potential which allows this agent to be classified under the Schedule IV drugs (low abuse potential).[A174367]Phentermine was FDA approved for short-term weight management in 1959 and it became widely used in 1960. This initial product, formed by the combination of phentermine with [fenfluramine] and [dexfenfluramine] was discontinued after finding several reports of abnormal valves in nearly 30% of the consumers.[A174376, T403] Later on, phentermine was approved alone and in combination with topiramate in 2012 as a new alternative that required lower doses of phentermine to obtain the desired effect.[A174373]		
DB00192	Indecainide	approved	Indecainide is a rarely used antidysrhythmic. Indecainide has local anesthetic activity and belongs to the membrane stabilizing (Class 1) group of antiarrhythmic agents; it has electrophysiologic effects characteristic of the IC class of antiarrhythmics.		
DB00193	Tramadol	approved,investigational	Tramadol is a centrally acting synthetic opioid analgesic and SNRI (serotonin/norepinephrine reuptake-inhibitor) that is structurally related to [codeine] and [morphine]. Due to its good tolerability profile and multimodal mechanism of action, tramadol is generally considered a lower-risk opioid option for the treatment of moderate to severe pain. It is considered a Step 2 option on the World Health Organization's pain ladder and has about 1/10th of the potency of [morphine]. Tramadol differs from other traditional opioid medications in that it doesn't just act as a μ-opioid agonist, but also affects monoamines by modulating the effects of neurotransmitters involved in the modulation of pain such as serotonin and norepinpehrine which activate descending pain inhibitory pathways.[A182279] Tramadol's effects on serotonin and norepinephrine mimic the effects of other SNRI antidepressants such as [duloxetine] and [venlafaxine].Tramadol exists as a racemic mixture consisting of two pharmacologically active enantiomers that both contribute to its analgesic property through different mechanisms and are also themselves metabolized into active metabolites: (+)-tramadol and its primary metabolite (+)-O-desmethyl-tramadol (M1) are agonists of the μ opioid receptor while (+)-tramadol inhibits serotonin reuptake and (-)-tramadol inhibits norepinephrine reuptake. These pathways are complementary and synergistic, improving tramadol's ability to modulate the perception of and response to pain.[A4269,A183842] Tramadol has also been shown to affect a number of other pain modulators within the central nervous system as well as non-neuronal inflammatory markers and immune mediators.[A183728,A183734,A183761,A17159,A182300] Due to the broad spectrum of targets involved in pain and inflammation, it's not surprising that the evidence has shown that tramadol is effective for a number of pain types including neuropathic pain, post-operative pain, lower back pain, as well as pain associated with labour, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, and cancer. Due to its SNRI activity, tramadol also has anxiolytic, antidepressant, and anti-shivering effects which are all frequently found as comorbidities with pain.[A182300]Similar to other opioid medications, tramadol poses a risk for development of tolerance, dependence and abuse. If used in higher doses, or with other opioids, there is a dose-related risk of overdose, respiratory depression, and death.[A183830,F4679] However, unlike other opioid medications, tramadol use also carries a risk of seizure and serotonin syndrome, particularly if used with other serotonergic medications.[A183836,A179926]	Tramadol Action Action Pathway,Tramadol Metabolism Pathway	
DB00194	Vidarabine	approved,investigational	A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a variety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the vaccinia VIRUS and varicella zoster virus.		
DB00195	Betaxolol	approved,investigational	A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.	Betaxolol Action Pathway	
DB00196	Fluconazole	approved,investigational	Fluconazole, commonly known as _Diflucan_, is an antifungal drug used for the treatment of both systemic and superficial fungal infections in a variety of tissues.  It was initially approved by the FDA in 1990. This drug is an _azole_ antifungal, in the same drug family as [ketoconazole] and [itraconazole]. Fluconazole has many advantages over the other antifungal drugs including the option of oral administration. The side effect profile of this drug is minimal. It has been demonstrated as an efficacious treatment for vaginal yeast infections in one single dose.[A174325]		
DB00197	Troglitazone	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Troglitazone was withdrawn in 2000 due to risk of hepatotoxicity. It was superseded by [pioglitazone] and [rosiglitazone].		
DB00198	Oseltamivir	approved	Oseltamivir (marketed as the product TamifluⓇ), is an antiviral neuraminidase inhibitor used for the treatment and prophylaxis of infection with influenza viruses A (including pandemic H1N1) and B. Oseltamivir exerts its antiviral activity by inhibiting the activity of the viral neuraminidase enzyme found on the surface of the virus, which prevents budding from the host cell, viral replication, and infectivity.The clinical benefit of use of oseltamivir is greatest when administered within 48 hours of the onset of influenza symptoms since effectiveness decreases significantly after that point in time; there is generally no benefit in use beyond 48 hours for healthy, low-risk individuals as influenza is a self-limiting illness.[A180574, L7267, A180580] However, antiviral treatment might be beneficial when initiated after 48 hours for patients with severe, complicated or progressive illness or for hospitalized patients.[A180583] According to the CDC, data from clinical trials and observational studies have demonstrated that early antiviral treatment can shorten the duration of fever and illness symptoms, and may reduce the risk of some complications (including pneumonia and respiratory failure). They recommend the use of oseltamivir in people with a higher risk of developing complications including children younger than 2 years, people over 65 years, people with some chronic conditions or immunosuppression, pregnant women, residents of long term care facilities, and indigenous communities for example.[L7264]The benefits of oseltamivir use are controversial; a 2014 Cochrane Review of the evidence found that oseltamivir treatment had limited benefit. The authors concluded that oseltamivir use in healthy adults had small, non-specific effects on symptoms (where the time to first alleviation of symptoms was only reduced from 7 to 6.3 days), it had no effect on hospitalizations, and that there was no evidence for any reductions in complications of influenza such as pneumonia.[A179962, A179965, A179968] Due to the risk of adverse effects such as nausea, vomiting, psychiatric effects and renal adverse events in adults and vomiting in children, the harms are generally considered to outweigh the small clinical benefit of use of oseltamivir. Notably, in 2017, the World Health Organization downgraded oseltamivir from its essential medicines list from a "core" drug to a "complementary" drug, due to limited cost-effectiveness.[A179086] Yearly vaccination with the influenza vaccine is still considered the best preventative measure.		
DB00199	Erythromycin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Erythromycin is a bacteriostatic antibiotic drug produced by a strain of Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus) and belongs to the macrolide group of antibiotics which consists of [Azithromycin], [Clarithromycin], [Spiramycin] and others. It was originally discovered in 1952.[L5245] Erythromycin is widely used for treating a variety of infections, including those caused by gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria.[L5245,L7261] It is available for administration in various forms, including intravenous, topical, and eye drop preparations.[L5245]	Erythromycin Action Pathway	
DB00200	Hydroxocobalamin	approved	Hydroxocobalamin, also known as vitamin B12a and hydroxycobalamin, is an injectable form of vitamin B 12 that has been used therapeutically to treat vitamin B 12 deficiency. It is also used in cyanide poisoning, Leber's optic atrophy, and toxic amblyopia.		
DB00201	Caffeine	approved	Caffeine is a drug of the methylxanthine class used for a variety of purposes, including certain respiratory conditions of the premature newborn, pain relief, and to combat drowsiness. Caffeine is similar in chemical structure to [Theophylline] and [Theobromine].[A187691,L9851] It can be sourced from coffee beans, but also occurs naturally in various teas and cacao beans, which are different than coffee beans.[T716] Caffeine is also used in a variety of cosmetic products and can be administered topically, orally, by inhalation, or by injection.[T716]The caffeine citrate injection, used for apnea of the premature newborn, was initially approved by the FDA in 1999.[L9863] According to an article from 2017, more than 15 million babies are born prematurely worldwide. This correlates to about 1 in 10 births. Premature birth can lead to apnea and bronchopulmonary dysplasia, a condition that interferes with lung development and may eventually cause asthma or early onset emphysema in those born prematurely.[A187694] Caffeine is beneficial in preventing and treating apnea and bronchopulmonary dysplasia in newborns, improving the quality of life of premature infants.[T716]	Caffeine Metabolism	
DB00202	Succinylcholine	approved	A quaternary skeletal muscle relaxant usually used in the form of its bromide, chloride, or iodide. It is a depolarizing relaxant, acting in about 30 seconds and with a duration of effect averaging three to five minutes. Succinylcholine is used in surgical, anesthetic, and other procedures in which a brief period of muscle relaxation is called for.		
DB00203	Sildenafil	approved,investigational	In eliciting its mechanism of action, sildenafil ultimately prevents or minimizes the breakdown of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) by inhibiting cGMP specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) [F3850, F3853, F3856, F3859, F3883, F3886, L5611, L5614]. The result of doing so allows cGMP present in both the penis and pulmonary vasculature to elicit smooth muscle relaxation and vasodilation that subsequently facilitates relief in pulmonary arterial hypertension and the increased flow of blood into the spongy erectile tissue of the penis that consequently allows it to grow in size and become erect and rigid [F3850, F3853, F3856, F3859, F3883, F3886, L5611, L5614].Interestingly enough, it is precisely via this mechanism why sildenafil was at first researched as a potential treatment for angina - or chest pain associated with inadequate blood flow to the heart - before being serendipitously indicated for treating erectile dysfunction in the late 1980s [A175732]. Nevertheless, it is because of this mechanism that sildenafil is also indicated for treating pulmonary arterial hypertension but is also additionally notorious for interacting with various anti-anginal or anti-hypertensive agents to develop potentially rapid, excessive, and/or fatal hypotensive crises [A175579, A175582, A175654].Regardless, sildenafil, among a variety of other similar or related PDE5 inhibitors, has become a common and effective treatment for erectile dysfunction and since its formal approval for medical use in the public in 1998 [A175732], continues to see millions of prescriptions written for it internationally. Although the medication has historically been most popularly recognized as Pfizer's brand name Viagra, sildenafil is currently available generically and even as a non-prescription over the counter medication in some countries [L5656].		
DB00204	Dofetilide	approved,investigational	Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in individuals prone to the formation of atrial fibrillation and flutter, and for the chemical cardioversion to sinus rhythm from atrial fibrillation and flutter.		
DB00205	Pyrimethamine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	One of the folic acid antagonists that is used as an antimalarial or with a sulfonamide to treat toxoplasmosis.		
DB00206	Reserpine	approved,investigational	An alkaloid found in the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina and R. vomitoria. Reserpine inhibits the uptake of norepinephrine into storage vesicles resulting in depletion of catecholamines and serotonin from central and peripheral axon terminals. It has been used as an antihypertensive and an antipsychotic as well as a research tool, but its adverse effects limit its clinical use.		
DB00207	Azithromycin	approved	Azithromycin is a broad-spectrum macrolide antibiotic with a long half-life and a high degree of tissue penetration [A174172]. It was initially approved by the FDA in 1991 [A174175].It is primarily used for the treatment of respiratory, enteric and genitourinary infections and may be used instead of other macrolides for some sexually transmitted and enteric infections. It is structurally related to erythromycin [A174169].Azithromycin [9-deoxo-9a-aza-9a-methyl-9a-homoerythromycin] is a part of the _azalide_ subclass of macrolides, and contains a 15-membered ring, with a methyl-substituted nitrogen instead of a carbonyl group at the 9a position on the aglycone ring, which allows for the prevention of its metabolism. This differentiates azithromycin from other types of macrolides [A174175].In March 2020, a small study was funded by the French government to investigate the treatment of COVID-19 with a combination of azithromycin and the anti-malaria drug [hydroxychloroquine]. The results were positive, all patients taking the combination were virologically cured within 6 days of treatment, however, larger studies are required.[A192546]	Azithromycin Action Pathway	
DB00208	Ticlopidine	approved	Ticlopidine is an effective inhibitor of platelet aggregation. It is a prodrug that is metabolised to an active form, which blocks the ADP receptor that is involved in GPIIb/IIIa receptor activation leading to platelet aggregation. Ticlopidine is marketed under the brand name Ticlid and is indicated for patients who cannot take aspirin or in whom aspirin has not worked to prevent a thrombotic stroke. The FDA label includes a black-box warning of neutropenia, aplastic anemia, thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, and agranulocytosis, so it is necessary to monitor patients' WBC and platelets when they are taking ticlopidine.	Ticlopidine Action Pathway,Ticlopidine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00209	Trospium	approved	Trospium is an antispasmodic agent used to treat the symptoms of overactive bladder, a condition that causes the bladder muscles to contract uncontrollably.[L6208] An overactive bladder leads to an increased urge to urinate, frequent urination, and sometimes, loss of control over urination.[L6208]  Trospium is manufactured by _Indevus Pharmaceutical Inc._ and was granted FDA approval in 2007.[L6211]		
DB00210	Adapalene	approved	Acne vulgaris is a multifactorial disorder of the pilosebaceous unit involving increased sebum production, inflammation, and hyperproliferation/hyperkeratinization of the follicular infundibulum. It is also associated with _Cutibacterium acnes_ (also known as _Propionibacterium acnes_). Adapalene is a third-generation topical retinoid used for the treatment of acne vulgaris.[A193518] Adapalene has similar efficacy but a superior safety profile compared to tretinoin.[A193521] [Tazarotene] is more efficacious than adapalene but is designated as pregnancy category X and hence is contraindicated in pregnant women.[A193518] Adapalene can also be combined with benzoyl peroxide (BPO), which possesses bactericidal properties[A193524], and either adapalene alone, or adapalene BPO combination products, are commonly used to treat mild-to-severe acne.[A193518]Differin®, produced by Galderma Labs, was first granted FDA approval on May 31st, 1996, as a 0.1% adapalene topical solution. Differin was later made available as 0.1% gel, cream, or lotion, or 0.3% gel products. On December 8th, 2008, Galderma Labs gained FDA approval for Epiduo®, a 0.1% adapalene, 2.5% BPO combination gel.[L12873]		
DB00211	Midodrine	approved	An ethanolamine derivative that is an adrenergic alpha agonist. It is used as a vasoconstrictor agent in the treatment of hypotension.		
DB00212	Remikiren	experimental	Remikiren is an orally active, high specificity renin inhibitor.		
DB00213	Pantoprazole	approved	Pantoprazole is a first-generation proton pump inhibitor (PPI) used for the management of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), for gastric protection to prevent recurrence of stomach ulcers or gastric damage from chronic use of NSAIDs, and for the treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions including Zollinger-Ellison (ZE) Syndrome. It can also be found in quadruple regimens for the treatment of _H. pylori_ infections along with other antibiotics including [amoxicillin], [clarithromycin], and [metronidazole], for example.[A177271][F4498] Its efficacy is considered similar to other medications within the PPI class including [omeprazole], [esomeprazole], [lansoprazole], [dexlansoprazole], and [rabeprazole].Pantoprazole exerts its stomach acid-suppressing effects by preventing the final step in gastric acid production by covalently binding to sulfhydryl groups of cysteines found on the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme at the secretory surface of gastric parietal cell. This effect leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion, irrespective of the stimulus. As the binding of pantoprazole to the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme is irreversible and new enzyme needs to be expressed in order to resume acid secretion, pantoprazole's duration of antisecretory effect persists longer than 24 hours.[FDA Label]Due to their good safety profile and as several PPIs are available over the counter without a prescription, their current use in North America is widespread. Long term use of PPIs such as pantoprazole have been associated with possible adverse effects, however, including increased susceptibility to bacterial infections (including gastrointestinal _C. difficile_), reduced absorption of micronutrients including iron and B12, and an increased risk of developing hypomagnesemia and hypocalcemia which may contribute to osteoporosis and bone fractures later in life.[A177571]PPIs such as pantoprazole have also been shown to inhibit the activity of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH), an enzyme necessary for cardiovascular health. DDAH inhibition causes a consequent accumulation of the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor asymmetric dimethylarginie (ADMA), which is thought to cause the association of PPIs with increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with unstable coronary syndromes.[A177577, A177580]Pantoprazole doses should be slowly lowered, or tapered, before discontinuing as rapid discontinuation of PPIs such as pantoprazole may cause a rebound effect and a short term increase in hypersecretion.[A177574]	Pantoprazole Metabolism Pathway,Pantoprazole Action Pathway	
DB00214	Torasemide	approved	Torasemide is a high-ceiling loop diuretic.[A174463] Structurally, it is a pyridine-sulfnyl urea used as an antihypertensive agent.[A319] On the FDA records, torasemide was developed and first introduced by the company Teva Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved in 2002.[L5248] However, torasemide was first approved for clinical use by the FDA on 1993.[L5257]	Torsemide Action Pathway	
DB00215	Citalopram	approved	Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective _serotonin-reuptake inhibitors_ (SSRIs) and is widely used to treat the symptoms of depression. Its chemical structure is unrelated to that of other SSRIs or of tricyclic, tetracyclic, or other prescribed antidepressants [FDA label].  Citalopram is also known as _Celexa_, and available in tablet and solution forms [FDA label].  This drug was initially approved by the FDA in 1998 [L5230].	Citalopram Action Pathway,Citalopram Metabolism Pathway	
DB00216	Eletriptan	approved,investigational	Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches.		
DB00217	Bethanidine	approved	A guanidinium antihypertensive agent that acts by blocking adrenergic transmission.		
DB00218	Moxifloxacin	approved,investigational	Moxifloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent. Bayer AG developed the drug (initially called BAY 12-8039) and it is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand name Avelox (in some countries also Avalox) for oral treatment.		
DB00219	Oxyphenonium	approved	A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of atropine. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. [PubChem]		
DB00220	Nelfinavir	approved	Nelfinavir is a potent HIV-1 protease inhibitor. It is used in combination with other antiviral drugs in the treatment of HIV in both adults and children. Nelfinavir inhibits the HIV viral proteinase enzyme which prevents cleavage of the gag-pol polyprotein, resulting in noninfectious, immature viral particles.		
DB00221	Isoetharine	approved	Isoetharine is a selective adrenergic beta-2 agonist used as fast acting bronchodilator for emphysema, bronchitis and asthma.		
DB00222	Glimepiride	approved	First introduced in 1995, glimepiride is a member of the second-generation sulfonylurea (SU) drug class used for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to improve glycemic control. Type 2 diabetes is a metabolic disorder with increasing prevalences worldwide; it is characterized by insulin resistance in accordance with progressive β cell failure and long-term microvascular and macrovascular complications that lead to co-morbidities and mortalities. Sulfonylureas are one of the insulin secretagogues widely used for the management of type 2 diabetes to lower blood glucose levels. The main effect of SUs is thought to be effective when residual pancreatic β-cells are present,[A177715] as they work by stimulating the release of insulin from the pancreatic beta cells and they are also thought to exert extra-pancreatic effects, such as increasing the insulin-mediated peripheral glucose uptake.[A177709] Glimepiride works by stimulating the secretion of insulin granules from pancreatic islet beta cells by blocking ATP-sensitive potassium channels (K<SUB>ATP</SUB> channels) and causing depolarization of the beta cells. Compared to [glipizide], another second SU drug, glimepiride has a longer duration of action. It is sometimes classified as a third-generation SU because it has larger substitutions than other second-generation SUs.[A177703] Compared to other SUs, glimepiride was associated with a lower risk of developing hypoglycemia and weight gain in clinical trials [A177709] as well as fewer cardiovascular effects than other SUs due to minimal effects on ischemic preconditioning of cardiac myocytes.[A177703] It is effective in reducing fasting plasma glucose, postprandial glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels and is considered to be a useful, cost-effective treatment option for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus.[A177703] Glimepiride was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States in 1995 for the treatment of T2DM. It is commonly marketed under the brand name Amaryl as oral tablets and is typically administered once daily.		
DB00223	Diflorasone	approved	Diflorasone is a topical corticosteroid used to treat itching and inflammation of the skin.		
DB00224	Indinavir	approved	A potent and specific HIV protease inhibitor that appears to have good oral bioavailability. [PubChem]		
DB00225	Gadodiamide	approved,investigational	Gadodiamide is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) that is used in MR imaging procedures to assist in the visualization of blood vessels. It is intravenously injected and is commonly marketed under the trade name Omniscan.		
DB00226	Guanadrel	approved	Guanadrel is an antihypertensive agent and postganglionic adrenergic blocking agent.		
DB00227	Lovastatin	approved,investigational	Lovastatin, also known as the brand name product Mevacor, is a lipid-lowering drug and fungal metabolite derived synthetically from a fermentation product of _Aspergillus terreus_.[A174550] Originally named Mevinolin, lovastatin belongs to the statin class of medications, which are used to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease and manage abnormal lipid levels by inhibiting the endogenous production of cholesterol in the liver.[A174553] More specifically, statin medications competitively inhibit the enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase,[A181421] which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid and is the third step in a sequence of metabolic reactions involved in the production of several compounds involved in lipid metabolism and transport including cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (sometimes referred to as "bad cholesterol"), and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL). Prescribing of statin medications is considered standard practice following any cardiovascular events and for people with a moderate to high risk of development of CVD, such as those with Type 2 Diabetes. The clear evidence of the benefit of statin use coupled with very minimal side effects or long term effects has resulted in this class becoming one of the most widely prescribed medications in North America.[A181087, A181406]Lovastatin and other drugs from the statin class of medications including [atorvastatin], [pravastatin], [rosuvastatin], [fluvastatin], and [simvastatin] are considered first-line options for the treatment of dyslipidemia.[A181087, A181406] Increasing use of the statin class of drugs is largely due to the fact that cardiovascular disease (CVD), which includes heart attack, atherosclerosis, angina, peripheral artery disease, and stroke, has become a leading cause of death in high-income countries and a major cause of morbidity around the world.[A181084] Elevated cholesterol levels, and in particular, elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels, are an important risk factor for the development of CVD.[A181087,A181553] Use of statins to target and reduce LDL levels has been shown in a number of landmark studies to significantly reduce the risk of development of CVD and all-cause mortality.[A181090,A181093,A181096,A181427,A181475,A181538] Statins are considered a cost-effective treatment option for CVD due to their evidence of reducing all-cause mortality including fatal and non-fatal CVD as well as the need for surgical revascularization or angioplasty following a heart attack.[A181087, A181406] Evidence has shown that even for low-risk individuals (with <10% risk of a major vascular event occurring within 5 years) statins cause a 20%-22% relative reduction in major cardiovascular events (heart attack, stroke, coronary revascularization, and coronary death) for every 1 mmol/L reduction in LDL without any significant side effects or risks.[A181397, A181403]While all statin medications are considered equally effective from a clinical standpoint, [rosuvastatin] is considered the most potent; doses of 10 to 40mg [rosuvastatin] per day were found in clinical studies to result in a 45.8% to 54.6% decrease in LDL cholesterol levels, while lovastatin has been found to have an average decrease in LDL-C of 25-40%.[A174580,A181409,A181535,A181538,A1793] Potency is thought to correlate to tissue permeability as the more lipophilic statins such as lovastatin are thought to enter endothelial cells by passive diffusion, as opposed to hydrophilic statins such as [pravastatin] and [rosuvastatin] which are taken up into hepatocytes through OATP1B1 (organic anion transporter protein 1B1)-mediated transport.[A181424,A181460] Despite these differences in potency, several trials have demonstrated only minimal differences in terms of clinical outcomes between statins.[A181438, A181427]	Lovastatin Action Pathway	
DB00228	Enflurane	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Enflurane is a halogenated inhalational anesthetic initially approved by the FDA in 1972. Since this date, it has been withdrawn from the US market.[L13646,L13649] Unlike its other inhalational anesthetic counterparts including [isoflurane] and [halothane], enflurane is known to induce seizure activity. In addition, it is known to cause increased cardio depressant effects when compared to other inhaled anesthetics.[A202022]		
DB00229	Cefotiam	approved,investigational	One of the cephalosporins that has a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms.		
DB00230	Pregabalin	approved,investigational	Pregabalin is structurally similar to gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) - an inhibitory neurotransmitter.[A173995] It may be used to manage neuropathic pain, postherpetic neuralgia, and fibromyalgia among other conditions.[A187190] Although as per the FDA Label the mechanism of action has not been definitively defined, there is evidence that pregabalin exerts its effects by binding to the α2δ subunit of voltage-dependent calcium channels.[A187190][L7066] Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica and Lyrica Cr (extended release).[L1006][L7066] It may have dependence liability if misused but the risk appears to be highest in patients with current or past substance use disorders.[A31161]		
DB00231	Temazepam	approved,investigational	Temazepam, like many other similar and related benzodiazepines, acts as a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) modulator and is capable of eliciting a variety of actions including sedation, hypnosis, skeletal muscle relaxation, anticonvulsant activity, and anxiolytic action [A175207, A175210, F3718, F3721].Although the chemical synthesis of temazepam was established by 1965 [A175333], mainstream contemporary use of the medication did not occur until it's legitimate use as treatment for insomnia was accepted and approved later on. In particular, before temazepam saw regular prescription use in civilians it was - and still is - employed by the US military as a sedative-hypnotic medication to be taken by soldiers, pilots, etc. to obtain the necessary rest required for medical recovery or scheduled maneuvers and operations [A175339]. Regardless, temazepam has become one of the most frequently prescribed medications internationally and sees millions of prescriptions every year. Unfortunately, however, given its frequent use and the inherent nature of its pharmacological effects, temazepam - like many other benzodiazepines - possesses a high potential for misuse and is genuinely capable of developing drug tolerance, physical dependence, and addiction in users.		
DB00232	Methyclothiazide	withdrawn	A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p825)	Methyclothiazide Action Pathway	
DB00233	Aminosalicylic acid	approved	An antitubercular agent often administered in association with isoniazid. The sodium salt of the drug is better tolerated than the free acid.		
DB00234	Reboxetine	approved,experimental	Reboxetine is an antidepressant drug used in the treatment of clinical depression, panic disorder and ADD/ADHD. Its mesylate (i.e. methanesulfonate) salt is sold under tradenames including Edronax, Norebox, Prolift, Solvex, Davedax or Vestra. Reboxetine has two chiral centers, but it only exists as two enantiomers, (R,R)-(-)- and (S,S)-(+)-reboxetine.		
DB00235	Milrinone	approved	A positive inotropic cardiotonic agent with vasodilator properties. It inhibits cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in myocardium and vascular smooth muscle. Milrinone is a derivative of amrinone and has 20-30 times the ionotropic potency of amrinone.		
DB00236	Pipobroman	approved	An antineoplastic agent that acts by alkylation.		
DB00237	Butabarbital	approved,illicit	Butabarbital, or Butisol, is a fast onset barbiturate with short duration of action compared to other barbiturates.[A201977,L13613] This makes butabarbital a useful drug for treating severe insomnia and pre-operative anxiety.[A201977,L13613] Butabarbital is less commonly used in recent years, as more patients are typically prescribed benzodiazepines.[A19735] Its short duration of action gives butabarbital a high abuse potential, comparable to [secobarbital].[A201977,A201980]Butabarbital was granted FDA approval on 5 June 1939.[L13613]		
DB00238	Nevirapine	approved	A potent, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in combination with nucleoside analogues for treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) infection and AIDS. Structurally, nevirapine belongs to the dipyridodiazepinone chemical class.	Nevirapine Metabolism Pathway,Nevirapine  Action Pathway	
DB00239	Oxiconazole	approved	Oxiconazole is an antifungal agent that is commonly found in topical formulations. It is marketed under the brand names Oxistat and Oxistat, and is used in the treatment of various skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch and ringworm.		
DB00240	Alclometasone	approved	Alclometasone is synthetic glucocorticoid steroid for topical use in dermatology as anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, antiallergic, antiproliferative and vasoconstrictive agent.		
DB00241	Butalbital	approved,illicit	Butalbital, or 5-allyl-5-isobutylbarbituric acid, is a derivative of barbituric acid which the hydrogens at position 5 are substituted by an allyl group and an isobutyl group. It is a short-to-intermediate acting member of barbiturates that exhibit muscle-relaxing and anti-anxiety properties that produce central nervous system (CNS) depression that ranges from mild sedation to general anesthesia.[A177754] Butalbital has a low degree of selectivity and a narrow therapeutic index.[A177754] Typically indicated to manage tension (or muscle contraction) headaches, butalbital is often combined with one or more therapeutic agents, such as acetylsalicylic acid, acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine. There have not been clinical trials that evaluate the clinical efficacy of butalbital in migraines [A177754] thus it is not indicated for such condition. As with other barbiturates, butalbital carries a risk of abuse or misuse potential, intoxication, hangover, tolerance, dependence, and overdosage possibly leading to death.[L10370] Butalbital‐containing analgesics can also produce a drug‐induced headache in addition to tolerance and dependence. Due to these risks, the use of butalbital-containing combination products is typically limited for use only in cases where other medications are deemed ineffective and such usage is advised to be carefully monitored.[A177754]		
DB00242	Cladribine	approved,investigational	An antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of lymphoproliferative diseases including hairy-cell leukemia.		
DB00243	Ranolazine	approved,investigational	Chronic angina is a common cardiovascular condition affecting millions worldwide and causes significant disability while interfering with daily activities.[A189234] Ranolazine is a well-tolerated piperazine derivative used for the management of this condition, offering relief from uncomfortable and debilitating symptoms.[L3580] With a mechanism of action different from drugs used to treat the same condition, ranolazine is a promising anti-anginal therapy. It was originally approved by the FDA in 2006.[L5440]		
DB00244	Mesalazine	approved	An anti-inflammatory agent, structurally related to the salicylates and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like acetylsalicylic acid, which is active in inflammatory bowel disease [A174022]. It is considered to be the active moiety of sulphasalazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed) Although demonstrably effective in treating and maintaining remission for ulcerative colitis, mesalazine has historically faced a number of issues regarding its lack of stability as a pharmaceutical agent [A174019]. Throughout the late seventies and the eighties, important research initiatives developed stable mesalazine formulations like the eudragit-S coating of Asacol brand mesalazine and the Pentasa brand's encapsulation of mesalazine within microgranules [A174019]. In the present day, contemporary research regarding novel methods to stabilize mesalazine continues and interest in the agent's capacity to decrease inflammatory activity and subsequently potentially reduce the risk of colorectal cancer in conditions like ulcerative colitis is maintained [A174019, A174022].		
DB00245	Benzatropine	approved	Benztropine, with the chemical formula 3alpha-diphenylmethoxytropane, is a tropane-based dopamine inhibitor used for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. It is a combination molecule between a tropane ring, similar to cocaine, and a diphenyl ether from the dialkylpiperazines determined to be a dopamine uptake inhibitor since 1970. The generation of structure-activity relationships proved that benztropine derivatives with the presence of a chlorine substituent in the para position in one of the phenyl rings produces an increased potency for dopamine uptake inhibition as well as a decreased inhibition of serotonin and norepinephrine.[A37914] Benztropine was developed by USL Pharma and officially approved by the FDA on 1996.[L5500]		
DB00246	Ziprasidone	approved	Disorders such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder can significantly impair mood, cognition, and behavior.[A190525] These mental illnesses can often be accompanied by comorbidities such as depression and substance abuse, and can significantly impact the quality of life of patients and caregivers.[A190525] Luckily, several treatment options for psychotic disorders have been introduced to market since the realization of chlorpromazine's antipsychotic properties in 1952.[A190525] Second generation antipsychotics (commonly referred to as atypical antipsychotics) include [clozapine], [quetiapine], [olanzapine], [aripiprazole] and [ziprasidone] among others, and are generally thought to be as efficacious as first generation antipsychotics but differ in their adverse effect profiles.[A190525,A190534] First generation antipsychotics are associated with extrapyramidal adverse effects while atypical antipsychotics are linked to weight gain, impaired glucose tolerance and metabolic syndrome.[A190534,A190537] Ziprasidone is used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.[A180748] It can effectively reduce the rate and time of relapses in schizophrenia, and can be used to treat manic episodes in bipolar disorder although the mechanism of action is unknown.[A180748] Although ziprasidone is classified as an atypical antipsychotic, it appears to have a lower incidence of metabolic adverse effects compared to other medications in the same class.[A190525]		
DB00247	Methysergide	approved	An ergot derivative that is a congener of lysergic acid diethylamide.  It antagonizes the effects of serotonin in blood vessels and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, but has few of the properties of other ergot alkaloids. Methysergide is used prophylactically in migraine and other vascular headaches and to antagonize serotonin in the carcinoid syndrome.		
DB00248	Cabergoline	approved	Cabergoline, an ergot derivative, is a long-acting dopamine agonist and prolactin inhibitor. It is used to treat hyperprolactinemic disorders and Parkinsonian Syndrome. Cabergoline possesses potent agonist activity on dopamine D2 receptors.		
DB00249	Idoxuridine	approved,investigational	An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent.		
DB00250	Dapsone	approved,investigational	A sulfone active against a wide range of bacteria but mainly employed for its actions against mycobacterium leprae. Its mechanism of action is probably similar to that of the sulfonamides which involves inhibition of folic acid synthesis in susceptible organisms. It is also used with pyrimethamine in the treatment of malaria. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p157-8)		
DB00251	Terconazole	approved	Terconazole is an anti-fungal drug that is mainly used to treat vaginal yeast infections (or vaginal candidiasis). It is classified as a _triazole ketal derivative_.[A178096] Terconazole was initially approved by the FDA in 1987.[FDA label] This drug is available in cream and suppository forms and both have demonstrated high levels of safety, efficacy, and tolerability in clinical trials. [A178093]		
DB00252	Phenytoin	approved,vet_approved	Phenytoin is classified as a hydantoin derivative and despite its narrow therapeutic index, it is one of the most commonly used anticonvulsants.[A33595,A188832,A189219] Since it's introduction about 80 years ago, phenytoin has not only been established as an effective anti-epileptic, but has also been investigated for several other indications such as bipolar disorder, retina protection, and wound healing.[A188826,A188832]Clinicians are advised to initiate therapeutic drug monitoring in patients who require phenytoin since even small deviations from the recommended therapeutic range can lead to suboptimal treatment, or adverse effects.[A189219,A35884] Both parenteral and oral formulations of phenytoin are available on the market.[A189219]	Phenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Fosphenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Fosphenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Metabolism Pathway	
DB00253	Medrysone	approved	Medrysone is a corticosteroid used in ophthalmology.		
DB00254	Doxycycline	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Doxycycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic synthetically derived from oxytetracycline [FDA label].  This drug is a second-generation tetracycline, exhibiting lesser toxicity than first-generation tetracyclines [A174034]. Doxycycline may be used to treat a wide range of bacterial infections, depending on the results of antibiotic susceptibility testing.	Doxycycline Action Pathway	
DB00255	Diethylstilbestrol	approved,investigational	A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethylstilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)		
DB00256	Lymecycline	approved,investigational	Lymecycline is a broad-spectrum second-generation tetracycline antibiotic used for the treatment of acne and other susceptible bacterial infections.[L13880,L13883] It has been proven a cost-effective alternative to treatment with [minocycline] with comparable safety and efficacy.[A203255] Lymecycline was initially discovered in 1961. It is marketed by Galderma and used in the UK as well as New Zealand in addition to other countries. Lymecycline is not marketed in the USA, however, equivalent drugs are available, such as minocycline and [tetracycline].[A19429,L13880]	Lymecycline Action Pathway	
DB00257	Clotrimazole	approved,vet_approved	This drug is a broad spectrum antimycotic or antifungal agent. Clotrimazole's antimycotic properties were discovered in the late 1960s [A174094]. Clotrimazole falls under the _imidazole_ category of _azole_ antifungals, possessing broad-spectrum antimycotic activity [A174094].  It is available in various preparations, including creams, pessaries, and troche formulations (slowly dissolving tablets).  As well as its antifungal activity, clotrimazole has become a drug of interest in treating several other diseases such as sickle cell disease, malaria and some cancers [A174094].  The minimal side effect profile of this drug and its uncomplicated metabolic profile have led it to gain widespread acceptance for the treatment of mycotic outbreaks such as vaginal yeast infections as well as athlete's foot [A174097].		
DB00258	Calcium acetate	approved,investigational	The chemical compound calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. It has been commonly referred to as the acetate of lime. The anhydrous form is very hygroscopic, therefore the monohydrate is the common form.		
DB00259	Sulfanilamide	approved	Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline.		
DB00260	Cycloserine	approved	Antibiotic substance produced by Streptomyces garyphalus.		
DB00261	Anagrelide	approved	Anagrelide is a platelet-reducing agent used to lower dangerously elevated platelet levels (i.e. to treat thrombocythemia) in patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms.[L14153] It is an oral imidazoquinazoline that was first approved for use in the US in 1997.[A214274] It appears to carry a better response rate than other thrombocythemia treatments (e.g. [busulfan], [hydroxyurea]) and may be better tolerated.[A214274]		
DB00262	Carmustine	approved,investigational	A cell-cycle phase nonspecific alkylating antineoplastic agent. It is used in the treatment of brain tumors and various other malignant neoplasms. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p462) This substance may reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen according to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (From Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB00263	Sulfisoxazole	approved,vet_approved	A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms.		
DB00264	Metoprolol	approved,investigational	Metoprolol is a selective beta-1 blocker commonly employed as the succinate and tartrate derivatives depending if the formulation is designed to be of immediate release or extended release.[A175159, L5530] The possibility of the generation of these formulations comes from the lower systemic bioavailability of the succinate derivative.[T274] To this date, it is one of the preferred beta-blockers in general clinical guidelines and it is widely prescribed in the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the US.[A175162] Metoprolol was developed since 1969 by US Pharmaceutical Holdings I and FDA approved in 1978.[L5527]	Metoprolol Action Pathway	
DB00265	Crotamiton	approved	Crotamiton is a scabicidal and antipruritic agent available as a cream or lotion for topical use only. It is a colorless to slightly yellowish oil, having a faint amine-like odor. It is miscible with alcohol and with methanol.		
DB00266	Dicoumarol	approved	Dicoumarol is an oral anticoagulant agent that works by interfering with the metabolism of vitamin K. In addition to its clinical use, it is also used in biochemical experiments as an inhibitor of reductases.	Dicumarol Action Pathway,Dicoumarol Action Pathway	
DB00267	Cefmenoxime	approved	Cefmenoxime is a novel broad-spectrum and third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic that is typically used in the treatment of female gynecologic and obstetric infections. It is reported to exhibit high activity against a wide variety of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria.		
DB00268	Ropinirole	approved,investigational	Ropinirole, also known as _ReQuip_, is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist used in Parkinson's disease and restless legs syndrome [FDA label], [A174547]. It is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals.   Ropinirole was initially approved in 1997 by the FDA [FDA label] for the management of Parkinson's disease. In 2005, it was the first drug approved in the US for the management of primary moderate to severe restless legs syndrome [A174547]. In 2008, the extended-release capsules of ropinirole were approved, allowing for less frequent dosing, therefore increased compliance, and offering a similar side effect profile and efficacy to previous formulations of ropinirole [A35711].		
DB00269	Chlorotrianisene	investigational,withdrawn	A powerful synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. [PubChem]		
DB00270	Isradipine	approved,investigational	Isradipine belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) class of calcium channel blockers (CCBs), the most widely used class of CCBs. It is structurally related to felodipine, nifedipine, and nimodipine and is the most potent calcium-channel blocking agent of the DHP class. Isradipine binds to calcium channels with high affinity and specificity and inhibits calcium flux into cardiac and arterial smooth muscle cells. It exhibits greater selectivity towards arterial smooth muscle cells owing to alternative splicing of the alpha-1 subunit of the channel and increased prevalence of inactive channels in smooth muscle cells. Isradipine may be used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension.	Isradipine Action Pathway	
DB00271	Diatrizoate	approved,vet_approved	A commonly used x-ray contrast medium.  As diatrizoate meglumine and as Diatrizoate sodium, it is used for gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography.		
DB00272	Betazole	approved	A histamine H2 agonist used clinically to test gastric secretory function.	Betazole Action Pathway	
DB00273	Topiramate	approved	Topiramate is a anti-epileptic drug used to manage seizures and prevent migraines.[A175249] It was initially approved by the FDA in 1996. In 2004, topiramate was approved for the prevention of migraine in adults.[A188309,L10544] Since 2012, the extended-release formulation has been approved in combination with [phentermine] for chronic weight management therapy in adults.[L10550] Characteristics that distinguish topiramate from other antiepileptic drugs are a monosaccharide chemical structure containing a sulfamate, and 40% of its mass accounted for by oxygen.[A175249] Interestingly, topiramate was discovered by chance when attempts were made to formulate a novel antidiabetic drug.[A188330]		
DB00274	Cefmetazole	approved,investigational	A semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic with a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms. It has a high rate of efficacy in many types of infection and to date no severe side effects have been noted.		
DB00275	Olmesartan	approved,investigational	Olmesartan belongs to the angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) family of drugs, which also includes [telmisartan], [candesartan], [losartan], [valsartan], and [irbesartan]. ARBs selectively bind to angiotensin receptor 1 (AT1) and prevent the protein angiotensin II from binding and exerting its hypertensive effects, which include vasoconstriction, stimulation and synthesis of aldosterone and ADH, cardiac stimulation, and renal reabsorption of sodium, among others. Overall, olmesartan's physiologic effects lead to reduced blood pressure, lower aldosterone levels, reduced cardiac activity, and increased excretion of sodium. Olmesartan also affects the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system (RAAS), which plays an important role in hemostasis and regulation of kidney, vascular, and cardiac functions. Pharmacological blockade of RAAS via  AT1 receptor blockade inhibits negative regulatory feedback within RAAS, which is a contributing factor to the pathogenesis and progression of cardiovascular disease, heart failure, and renal disease. In particular, heart failure is associated with chronic activation of RAAS, leading to inappropriate fluid retention, vasoconstriction, and ultimately a further decline in left ventricular function. ARBs have been shown to have a protective effect on the heart by improving cardiac function, reducing afterload, increasing cardiac output and preventing ventricular hypertrophy and remodelling.[A174154] By comparison, the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) class of medications (which includes drugs such as [ramipril], [lisinopril], and [perindopril]) inhibit the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II through inhibition of the ACE enzyme. However, this does not prevent the formation of all angiotensin II within the body. The angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) family of drugs unique in that it blocks all angiotensin II activity, regardless of where or how it was synthesized. Olmesartan is commonly used for the management of hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes-associated nephropathy, particularly in patients who are unable to tolerate ACE inhibitors. ARBs such as olmesartan have been shown in a number of large-scale clinical outcomes trials to improve cardiovascular outcomes including reducing risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, the progression of heart failure, and hospitalization.[A174124,A178153,A173869,A185324,A185327,A185333,A185342,A185345] Like other ARBs, olmesartan blockade of RAAS slows the progression of diabetic nephropathy due to its renoprotective effects.[A185906,A185909,A185912] Orally available olmesartan is produced as the prodrug olmesartan medoxomil which is rapidly converted _in vivo_ to the pharmacologically active olmesartan.[A175330] It was developed by Daiichi Sankyo Pharmaceuticals and approved in 2002.[A175345, L5560]	Olmesartan Action Pathway	
DB00276	Amsacrine	approved,investigational	Aminoacridine derivative that is a potent intercalating antineoplastic agent. It is effective in the treatment of acute leukemias and malignant lymphomas, but has poor activity in the treatment of solid tumors. It is frequently used in combination with other antineoplastic agents in chemotherapy protocols. It produces consistent but acceptable myelosuppression and cardiotoxic effects.		
DB00277	Theophylline	approved	A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.	Caffeine Metabolism	
DB00278	Argatroban	approved,investigational	Argatroban is a direct, selective thrombin inhibitor. The American College of Cardiologists (ACC) recommend using bivalirudin or argatroban in patients who have had, or at risk for, heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) and are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Argatroban is a non-heparin anticoagulant shown to both normalize platelet count in patients with HIT and prevent the formation of thrombi. Parental anticoagulants must be stopped and a baseline activated partial thromboplastin time must be obtained prior to administering argatroban.	Argatroban Action Pathway	
DB00279	Liothyronine	approved,vet_approved	Liothyronine is a thyroidal hormone T3 which is normally produced by the thyroid gland in a ratio 4:1 when compared with T4: T3. Liothyronine is the active form of thyroxine which is composed in a basic chemical structure by a tyrosine with bound iodine.[T457] The exogenous liothyronine product was developed by King Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved in 1956.[L5578]	Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB00280	Disopyramide	approved	A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.	Disopyramide Action Pathway	
DB00281	Lidocaine	approved,vet_approved	Ever since its discovery and availability for sale and use in the late 1940s, lidocaine has become an exceptionally commonly used medication [T583]. In particular, lidocaine's principal mode of action in acting as a local anesthetic that numbs the sensations of tissues means the agent is indicated for facilitating local anesthesia for a large variety of surgical procedures [F4349, L5930, L5948]. It ultimately elicits its numbing activity by blocking sodium channels so that the neurons of local tissues that have the medication applied on are transiently incapable of signaling the brain regarding sensations [F4349, L5930, L5948]. In doing so, however, it can block or decrease muscle contractile, resulting in effects like vasodilation, hypotension, and irregular heart rate, among others [F4349, L5930, L5948]. As a result, lidocaine is also considered a class Ib anti-arrhythmic agent [L5930, L5948, F4468]. Nevertheless, lidocaine's local anesthetic action sees its use in many medical situations or circumstances that may benefit from its action, including the treatment of premature ejaculation [A177625].Regardless, lidocaine is currently available as a relatively non-expensive generic medication that is written for in millions of prescriptions internationally on a yearly basis. It is even included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines [L6055].	Lidocaine (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Local Anaesthetic) Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Local Anaesthetic) Metabolism Pathway	
DB00282	Pamidronic acid	approved	Pamidronic acid is a second generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate similar to [neridronic acid] and [alendronic acid].[A203111] Pamidronic acid was first described in the literature in 1977.[A203267] The second generation bisphosphonates are less common as third generation bisphosphonates, such as [ibandronic acid], [zoledronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid] are becoming more popular.[A203111]Pamidronic acid was granted FDA approval on 31 October 1991.[L13835]	Pamidronate Action Pathway	
DB00283	Clemastine	approved,investigational	An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.	Clemastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00284	Acarbose	approved,investigational	An inhibitor of alpha glucosidase that retards the digestion and absorption of carbohydrates in the small intestine and hence reduces the increase in blood-glucose concentrations after a carbohydrate load. It is given orally to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients where diet modification or oral hypoglycemic agents do not control their condition. (From Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed)		
DB00285	Venlafaxine	approved	Venlafaxine (Effexor) is an antidepressant within the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class of medications. It exerts its effects primarily by blocking the transporters involved in the reuptake of the neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine, therefore leaving more active neurotransmitter in the synapse. Venlafaxine is officially approved for use in the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), social anxiety disorder, and panic disorder. As of 2014, Canadian clinical practice guidelines recommend venlafaxine as a first-line option for treatment of generalized anxiety, social anxiety, panic disorder, major depressive disorder (MDD), and consider it a second-line option for management of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [A177226,A177235]. Venlafaxine is also used off-label for prophylaxis of migraine headaches [A177229], for reduction of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause [A177238], and for management of neuropathic pain (although there is only minimal evidence of efficacy for this condition) [A177232].	Venlafaxine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00286	Conjugated estrogens	approved	The conjugated estrogens are noncrystalline mixtures of purified female sex hormones obtained either by its isolation from the urine of pregnant mares or by synthetic generation from vegetal material. Both of these products are later conjugated to natrium sulfate by ester bonds in order to make them more water soluble.[L5605, T475] The conjugated estrogen product contains a mix of estrogen from which about 50% is represented by estrone sulfate followed by 25% of equilin sulfate, 15% of 17-alpha-dehydroequilenin sulfate, 3% of equilenin sulfate, 5% of 17-alpha and 17-beta-dihydroequilenin sulfate, 2% of 17-alpha-estradiolsulfate and 3% of 17-beta-estradiolsulfate. It also presents a large number of unidentified molecules with weak estrogenic activity as well as non-human molecules when it is obtained from pregnant mares urine.[T475] The conjugated estrogen mixture was approved for marketing in US in 1942 based on the efficacy against certain conditions. However, until 1986 official clinical trials were performed and this product was determined to be effective for the treatment of osteoporosis.[T484] The currently approved product of conjugated estrogens was developed by Wyeth Ayerst and FDA approved in 2003.[L5608]		
DB00287	Travoprost	approved	Travoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure [FDA Label]. It is a synthetic prostaglandin F2alpha analog [FDA Label]. Having been a well-received therapeutic agent with demonstrated efficacy and safety, travoprost is currently approved by the US FDA as a first-line treatment for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypotension [L5155]. Furthermore, this approval also solidifies the medication as the first and only prostaglandin analog approved by the FDA for first-line treatment of glaucoma patients that does not contain the preservative benzalkonium chloride [L5155]. Moreover, travoprost is also currently approved in the EU for the decrease of elevated intraocular pressure in paediatric patients aged 2 months to < 18 years with ocular hypertension or paediatric glaucoma [L5146, L5152].		
DB00288	Amcinonide	approved	Amcinonide is a corticosteroid.		
DB00289	Atomoxetine	approved	Atomoxetine is a selective norepinephrine (NE) reuptake inhibitor used for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Also known as the marketed product Strattera, atomoxetine is used with other treatment modalities (psychological, educational, cognitive behaviour therapy, etc) to improve developmentally inappropriate symptoms associated with ADHD including distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity. Although the underlying pathophysiology that causes ADHD remains unclear, evidence suggests that dysregulation in noradrenergic and dopaminergic pathways plays a critical role in suboptimal executive functioning within prefrontal regions of the brain, which are involved in attention and memory.[A178090] Atomoxetine has been shown to specifically increase NA and DA within the prefrontal cortex, but not in the nucleus accumbens (NA) or striatum.[A18262] This is beneficial in the treatment of ADHD as DA activation in the subcortical NA and striatum is associated with many stimulant-associated side effects and an increase in abuse potential, which is a limiting factor associated with the use of stimulant medications such as [DB00422], [DB01576], and [DB01255].[A18262] Use of non-stimulant medications such as atomoxetine is therefore thought to offer a clinical advantage over the use of traditional medications for the management of ADHD. More recently, positron emission tomography (PET) imaging studies in rhesus monkeys have shown that atomoxetine also binds to the serotonin transporter (SERT),[A178111] and blocks the N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor,[A18263] indicating a role for the glutamatergic system in the pathophysiology of ADHD. Long-acting formulations of psychostimulants (such as [DB00422], [DB01576], and [DB01255]) are typically considered the most effective and first-line treatment for ADHD in adults and children as recommended by CADDRA (Canadian ADHD Resource Alliance).[L6037] However, these stimulant medications are limited by dose-related side effects and concerns of abuse. Many contain a blackbox warning stating that CNS stimulants, including methylphenidate-containing products and amphetamines, have a high potential for abuse and dependence. In particular, increased dopamine in key areas caused by these stimulant medications is associated with their reinforcing and addictive properties, and even amplifies the potency and reinforcing effects of other drugs of abuse such as amphetamines, making ADHD sufferers more susceptible to their addictive effects.[A177556] Concerns about abuse potential have spurred research into medications with fewer effects on DA and the use of non-stimulant ADHD medications including atomoxetine, [DB00745] and [DB01018]. The non-stimulant norepinephrine/dopamine reuptake inhibitor [DB01156] (commonly used for the treatment of depression and for smoking cessation) has also been shown to be effective in the treatment of ADHD.[A178099]		
DB00290	Bleomycin	approved,investigational	A complex of related glycopeptide antibiotics from <i>Streptomyces verticillus</i> consisting of bleomycin A2 and B2 (B2 CAS # 9060-10-0). It inhibits DNA metabolism and is used as an antineoplastic, especially for solid tumors. Bleomycin A2 is used as the representative structure for Bleomycin.		
DB00291	Chlorambucil	approved	A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic agent for the treatment of various malignant and nonmalignant diseases. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB00292	Etomidate	approved	Imidazole derivative anesthetic and hypnotic with little effect on blood gases, ventilation, or the cardiovascular system. It has been proposed as an induction anesthetic.		
DB00293	Raltitrexed	approved,investigational	Raltitrexed (brand name Tomudex&reg;) is a chemotherapy drug manufactured AstraZeneca Company, is an antimetabolite used in chemotherapy. It is an inhibitor of thymidylate synthase.		
DB00294	Etonogestrel	approved,investigational	Etonogestrel molecule is a 3-ketodesogestrel or 19-nortestosterone which is a synthetic biologically active metabolite of progestin desogestrel.[A37184] The first product including etonogestrel was developed by the Merck subsidiary Organon and FDA approved in 2001.[L5692]		
DB00295	Morphine	approved,investigational	Morphine, the main alkaloid of opium, was first obtained from poppy seeds in 1805.[A176035] It is a potent analgesic, though its use is limited due to tolerance, withdrawal, and the risk of abuse.[A176050] Morphine is still routinely used today, though there are a number of semi-synthetic opioids of varying strength such as [codeine], [fentanyl], [methadone], [hydrocodone], [hydromorphone], [meperidine], and [oxycodone].Morphine was granted FDA approval in 1941.[L12114]	Morphine Action Pathway,Codeine Action Pathway,Heroin Metabolism Pathway,Heroin Action Pathway,Codeine Metabolism Pathway,Morphine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00296	Ropivacaine	approved	Ropivacaine is an aminoamide local anaesthetic drug commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name Naropin. It is present as a racemic mixture of the enantiomers containing equal proportions of the “S” and “R” forms. The marketed form contains the single S-enantiomer as the active ingredient.	Ropivacaine Action Pathway	
DB00297	Bupivacaine	approved,investigational	Bupivacaine is a widely used local anesthetic agent.	Bupivacaine Action Pathway	
DB00298	Dapiprazole	approved	Dapiprazole (U.S. trade name Rev-Eyes) is an alpha blocker. It is found in ophthalmic solutions used to reverse mydriasis after an eye examination.		
DB00299	Penciclovir	approved	Penciclovir is a synthetic acyclic guanine derivative with antiviral activity used for the treatment of various herpes simplex virus (HSV) infections. Displaying low toxicity and good selectivity, penciclovir is a nucleoside analogue.		
DB00300	Tenofovir disoproxil	approved,investigational	Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (a prodrug of tenofovir), marketed by Gilead Sciences under the trade name _Viread_, belongs to a class of antiretroviral drugs known as nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (nRTIs).  This drug is prescribed in combination with other drugs for the management of HIV infection as well as for Hepatitis B therapy. Tenofovir disoproxil was initially approved in 2001 [FDA label].	Tenofovir Metabolism Pathway	
DB00301	Flucloxacillin	approved,investigational	Antibiotic analog of [cloxacillin].		
DB00302	Tranexamic acid	approved	Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage.	Tranexamic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00303	Ertapenem	approved,investigational	Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic drug that is marketed under the trade name Invanz by Merck & Co. pharmaceutical company.  It is structurally similar to [meropenem] and possesses a 1-beta-methyl group.		
DB00304	Desogestrel	approved	Desogestrel, a prodrug, is a third generation progestogen[A176315] and hence, a member of the gonane family which was largely used in Europe before being approved in the US and Canada.[A176339] It was firstly generated from a study that showed that 11-beta and 11-alkylidene substituent in nortestosterone can enhance the biological activity.[T521] Desogestrel is now produced semi-synthetically from naturally occurred plant steroids.[F4127] In the US, desogestrel is found only in combination with [ethinyl estradiol].[A176342] The first approved drug containing desogestrel was developed by Organon USA Inc in 1972 and FDA approved in 1992.[L5762]		
DB00305	Mitomycin	approved	Mitomycin is an antineoplastic antibiotic first isolated by Japanese microbiologists in the 1950s from cultures of _Streptomyces caespitosus_.[L12867,A193419] It is an alkylating agent that inhibits DNA synthesis (and, at higher concentrations, RNA and protein synthesis) by cross-linking the complementary strands of the DNA double helix.[A193419] Few other antibiotics have been discovered that work via this alkylating mechanism, making mitomycin relatively unique in the space of microbiota-derived therapies.[A193419]Mitomycin's cross-linking activity has resulted in its approval for the treatment of a variety of cancers - the most recent of which is an April 2020 approval for its use in low-grade Upper Tract Urothelial Cancer (LG-UTUC)[L12867] - as well as adjunctly to _ab externo_ glaucoma surgeries.		
DB00306	Talbutal	approved,illicit	Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.		
DB00307	Bexarotene	approved,investigational	Bexarotene (Targretin) is an antineoplastic agent indicated by the FDA for Cutaneous T cell lymphoma. It has been used off-label for lung cancer, breast cancer, and Kaposi's sarcoma.		
DB00308	Ibutilide	approved	Ibutilide is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent available in intravenous formulations. It is indicated for the conversion of acute atrial flutter and recent onset atrial fibrillation to normal sinus rhythm (NSR).	Ibutilide Action Pathway	
DB00309	Vindesine	approved,investigational	Vinblastine derivative with antineoplastic activity against cancer. Major side effects are myelosuppression and neurotoxicity. Vindesine is used extensively in chemotherapy protocols (antineoplastic combined chemotherapy protocols).	Vindesine Action Pathway	
DB00310	Chlorthalidone	approved	Chlorthalidone is a thiazide-like diuretic used for the treatment of hypertension and for management of edema caused by conditions such as heart failure or renal impairment. Chlorthalidone improves blood pressure and swelling by preventing water absorption from the kidneys through inhibition of the Na+/Cl− symporter in the distal convoluted tubule cells in the kidney. The exact mechanism of chlorthalidone's anti-hypertensive effect is under debate, however, it is thought that increased diuresis results in decreased plasma and extracellular fluid volume, decreased cardiac output and therefore overall reduction in blood pressure.[A176324]Chlorthalidone is considered first-line therapy for management of uncomplicated hypertension as there is strong evidence from meta-analyses that thiazide diuretics such as chlorthalidone reduce the risk of stroke, myocardial infarction, heart failure, and cardiovascular all-cause mortality in patients with hypertension.[A173863] In particular, the ALLHAT trial confirmed the role of thiazide diuretics as first-line therapy and demonstrated that chlorthalidone had a statistically significant lower incidence of stroke and heart failure when compared to [DB00722], [DB00381], or [DB00590].[A173884, A173887] Further studies have indicated that low-dose thiazides are as good as, and in some secondary endpoints, better than β-blockers, ACE inhibitors, Calcium Channel Blockers or ARBs.Chlorthalidone has been shown to have a number of pleiotropic effects that differentiate it from other diuretics such as [DB00999]. In addition to its antihypertensive effects, chlorthalidone has also been shown to decrease platelet aggregation and vascular permeability, as well as promote angiogenesis in vitro, which is thought to be partly the result of reductions in carbonic anhydrase–dependent pathways. These pathways may play a role in chlorthalidone's cardiovascular risk reduction effects.[A176330]	Chlorthalidone Action Pathway	
DB00311	Ethoxzolamide	withdrawn	Ethoxzolamide is a sulfonamide used as diuretic and in glaucoma. It inhibits carbonic anhydrase activity in proximal renal tubules to decrease reabsorption of water, sodium, potassium, bicarbonate. Its pharmacological activity thus confers the risk for hypokalemia.		
DB00312	Pentobarbital	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A short-acting barbiturate that is effective as a sedative and hypnotic (but not as an anti-anxiety) agent and is usually given orally. It is prescribed more frequently for sleep induction than for sedation but, like similar agents, may lose its effectiveness by the second week of continued administration. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p236)		
DB00313	Valproic acid	approved,investigational	Valproic acid, or valproate, is an fatty acid derivative and anticonvulsant originally synthesized in 1881 by Beverly S. Burton.[A178051] It enjoyed use as a popular organic solvent in industry and pharmaceutical manufacturing for nearly a century. In 1963, a serendipitous discovery was made by George Carraz during his investigations into the anticonvulsant effects of khelline when he found that all of his samples, dissolved in valproic acid, exerted a similar degree of anticonvulsive activity. It first received approval on February 28, 1978 from the FDA under the trade name Depakene.[L6190]Since then, it has been investigated for neuroprotective, anti-manic, and anti-migraine effects. It is currently a compound of interest in the field of oncology for its anti-proliferative effects and is the subject of many clinical trials in a variety of cancer types.	Valproic Acid Metabolism Pathway	
DB00314	Capreomycin	approved	Cyclic peptide antibiotic similar to viomycin. It is produced by Streptomyces capreolus.		
DB00315	Zolmitriptan	approved,investigational	Zolmitriptan is a member of the triptan class of 5-hydroxytryptamine(5-HT)<sub>1B/1D/(1F)</sub> receptor agonists used to treat acute migraine.[A462, L12978] [Sumatriptan] was the first triptan to be developed, but had poor oral bioavailability and lipophilicity. This led to the development of second-generation triptans, including [almotriptan], [eletriptan], [frovatriptan], [naratriptan], [rizatriptan], and zolmitriptan.[A193791] Triptans can be administered alone or in combination with an NSAID like [naproxen], and represent the current "gold standard" for acute migraine treatment.[A193797]Zolmitriptan was first approved by the FDA for sale by Zeneca Pharmaceuticals under the trade name Zomig® on November 25, 1997. It is currently available in both tablet and nasal spray forms.[L12978]		
DB00316	Acetaminophen	approved	Acetaminophen (paracetamol), also commonly known as _Tylenol_, is the most commonly taken analgesic worldwide and is recommended as first-line therapy in pain conditions by the World Health Organization (WHO).[A176318] It is also used for its antipyretic effects, helping to reduce fever.[F4124] This drug was initially approved by the U.S. FDA in 1951 and is available in a variety of forms including syrup form, regular tablets, effervescent tablets, injection, suppository, and other forms.[L5756,L5774,F4124,Label]Acetaminophen is often found combined with other drugs in more than 600 over the counter (OTC) allergy medications, cold medications, sleep medications, pain relievers, and other products.[L5783] Confusion about dosing of this drug may be caused by the availability of different formulas, strengths, and dosage instructions for children of different ages.[L5783] Due to the possibility of fatal overdose and liver failure associated with the incorrect use of acetaminophen, it is important to follow current and available national and manufacturer dosing guidelines while this drug is taken or prescribed.[L5786,L5789,Label]	Acetaminophen Metabolism Pathway,Acetaminophen  Action Pathway	
DB00317	Gefitinib	approved,investigational	Gefitinib (originally coded ZD1839) is a drug used in the treatment of certain types of cancer. Acting in a similar manner to erlotinib (marketed as Tarceva), gefitinib selectively targets the mutant proteins in malignant cells. It is marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name Iressa.	Gefitinib Action Pathway	
DB00318	Codeine	approved,illicit	The relief of pain (analgesia) is a primary goal for enhancing the quality of life of patients and for increasing the ability of patients to engage in day to day activities. Codeine, an opioid analgesic, was originally approved in the US in 1950 and is a drug used to decrease pain by increasing the threshold for pain without impairing consciousness or altering other sensory functions. Opiates such as codeine are derived from the poppy plant, _Papaver somniferum_ (Papaveraceae).[A175096]Codeine is utilized as a central analgesic, sedative, hypnotic, antinociceptive, and antiperistaltic agent, and is also recommended in certain diseases with incessant coughing.[LABEL,A175096]	Codeine Metabolism Pathway,Codeine Action Pathway	
DB00319	Piperacillin	approved	Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, ampicillin derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic proposed for pseudomonas infections. It is also used in combination with other antibiotics.		
DB00320	Dihydroergotamine	approved,investigational	A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ergotamine. It is used as a vasoconstrictor, specifically for the therapy of migraine disorders.		
DB00321	Amitriptyline	approved	Amitriptyline hydrochloride, also known as _Elavil_,  is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) with analgesic properties, widely used to treat depression and neuropathic pain [A174658].  It was originally approved by the FDA in 1977 and manufactured by Sandoz [L5308].		
DB00322	Floxuridine	approved	An antineoplastic antimetabolite that is metabolized to fluorouracil when administered by rapid injection. Floxuridine is available as a sterile, nonpyrogenic, lyophilized powder for reconstitution. When administered by slow, continuous, intra-arterial infusion, it is converted to floxuridine monophosphate. It has been used to treat hepatic metastases of gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and for palliation in malignant neoplasms of the liver and gastrointestinal tract.		
DB00323	Tolcapone	approved,withdrawn	Tolcapone is a drug that inhibits the enzyme catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT). It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease as an adjunct to levodopa/carbidopa medication. It is a yellow, odorless, non-hygroscopic, crystalline compound. Tolcapone is associated with a risk of hepatotoxicity.		
DB00324	Fluorometholone	approved,investigational	A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)		
DB00325	Nitroprusside	approved,investigational	Nitroprusside serves as a source of nitric oxide, a potent peripheral vasodilator that affects both arterioles and venules (venules more than arterioles). Nitroprusside is often administered intravenously to patients who are experiencing a hypertensive emergency.		
DB00326	Calcium glucoheptonate	approved	Calcium supplements such as calcium gluceptate are taken by individuals who are unable to get enough calcium in their regular diet or who have a need for more calcium. They are used to prevent or treat several conditions that may cause hypocalcemia (not enough calcium in the blood). The body needs calcium to make strong bones. Calcium is also needed for the heart, muscles, and nervous system to work properly.		
DB00327	Hydromorphone	approved,illicit	Hydromorphone is a pure opioid,[A176468] a semi-synthetic hydrogenated ketone derivative of [morphine] that has been available clinically since 1920. Structurally, hydromorphone derived from [morphine] in the modification of the hydroxyl group in the carbon 6 to a carbonyl and the absence of a double bond between the carbon 7 and 8. Due to these modifications, it presents a very high potency and comparable side effect profile to the parent compound.[A176471] Even though hydromorphone does not present a 6-hydroxyl group, it is categorized under the family of phenanthrenes and it is considered a chemical under the schedule II (medical purposes with high addiction potential).[A176495]The first reported approved product containing hydromorphone in the form of hydromorphone hydrochloride was developed by Fresenius Kabi USA and FDA approved in 1984.[L5795]	Hydromorphone Action Pathway	
DB00328	Indomethacin	approved,investigational	Indometacin, or indomethacin, is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic properties. NSAIDs consist of agents that are structurally unrelated; the NSAID chemical classification of indometacin is an indole-acetic acid derivative with the chemical name 1- (p-chlorobenzoyl)25-methoxy-2-methylindole-3-acetic acid.[A177871] The pharmacological effect of indometacin is not fully understood, however, it is thought to be mediated through potent and nonselective inhibition of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX), which is the main enzyme responsible for catalyzes the rate-limiting step in prostaglandin and thromboxane biosynthesis via the arachidonic acid (AA) pathway. Indometacin was first discovered in 1963 and it was first approved for use in the U.S. by the Food and Drug Administration in 1965, [A486] along with other acetic acid derivatives such as [diclofenac] and [sulindac] that were also developed during the 1960s.[A177871] Since then, indometacin has been extensively studied in clinical trials as one of the most potent NSAIDs in blocking prostaglandin synthesis and was among the first NSAIDs to be used in the symptomatic treatment of migraine and for headaches that eventually became known as “indomethacin-responsive” headache disorders.[A177871] Most commonly used in rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, osteoarthritis, acute shoulder pains, and acute gouty arthritis, indometacin is currently available as oral capsules as well as other methods of administration, including rectal and intravenous formulations. Intravenous indometacin is administered to close a hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus, as indicated by clinical evidence, in premature infants.[L10553] Ophthalmic indometacin has been studied and used in the symptomatic treatment of postoperative ocular inflammation and pain and/or complications after cataract surgery. Although deemed effective in reducing ocular inflammation in clinical studies, topical NSAIDs were also associated with a potential reduction in corneal sensitivity accompanied by an increased risk of superficial punctate keratitis and subjective symptoms of discomfort, including pain, burning or pricking, or a tingling sensation after instillation into the cul‐de‐sac.[A177949]	Indomethacin Action Pathway	
DB00330	Ethambutol	approved	An antitubercular agent that inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus. It may also inhibit the synthesis of spermidine in mycobacteria. The action is usually bactericidal, and the drug can penetrate human cell membranes to exert its lethal effect. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p863)		
DB00331	Metformin	approved	Metformin is an antihyperglycemic agent of the _biguanide_ class, used for the management of type II diabetes) [FDA label].  Currently, metformin is the first drug of choice for the management of type II diabetes and is prescribed to at least 120 million people worldwide [A176173]. Metformin is considered an antihyperglycemic drug because it lowers blood glucose concentrations in type II diabetes without causing hypoglycemia. Metformin is commonly described as an _insulin sensitizer_ leading to a decrease in insulin resistance and a clinically significant reduction of plasma fasting insulin levels [A176173]. Another well-known benefit of this drug is modest weight loss. Metformin is the drug of choice for obese type II diabetes patients [A36559].Metformin was first approved in Canada in 1972 [A36552], followed by 1995 in the USA [FDA label]. This drug is available in regular and extended-release forms [FDA label].		
DB00332	Ipratropium	approved,experimental	Ipratropium is a quaternary ammonium derivative of [atropine][A176957] that acts as an anticholinergic agent.[A176939] It is commonly administered through inhalation which allows producing a local effect without presenting a significant systemic absorption.[A176957]Ipratropium as a therapeutic agent was developed by Boehringer Ingelheim and its first monotherapy product was FDA approved in 1986.[L5891] On the other hand, the combination product of ipratropium and [albuterol] was approved in 1996.[L5894]		
DB00333	Methadone	approved	Methadone is a potent synthetic analgesic that works as a full µ-opioid receptor (MOR) agonist and N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist. As a full MOR agonist, methadone mimics the natural effects of the body's opioids, endorphins, and enkephalins through the release of neurotransmitters involved in pain transmission. It also has a number of unique characteristics that have led to its increased use in the last two decades; in particular, methadone has a lower risk of neuropsychiatric toxicity compared to other opioids (due to a lack of active metabolites), minimal accumulation in renal failure, good bioavailability, low cost, and a long duration of action.[F4685,F4688,F4691,A185885,A185900,A185903] Due to its unique mechanism of action, methadone is particularly useful for the management of hard to treat pain syndromes such as neuropathic pain and cancer pain requiring higher and more frequent doses of shorter-acting opioids.[A185888,A185891,A185897] Compared with [morphine], the gold standard reference opioid, methadone also acts as an agonist of κ- and σ-opioid receptors, as an antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, and as an inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine uptake.[A497,A5344] Specifically by inhibiting the NMDA receptor, methadone dampens a major excitatory pain pathway within the central nervous system.[A185876] Compared to other opioids, methadone's effects on NMDA inhibition may explain it's improved analgesic efficacy and reduced opioid tolerance.[A185891,A185894]Methadone shares similar effects and risks of other opioids such as [morphine], [hydromorphone], [oxycodone], and [fentanyl]. However, it also has a unique pharmacokinetic profile. Compared with short-acting and even extended-release formulations of [morphine], methadone displays a comparatively longer duration of action and half-life. These effects make methadone a good option for the treatment of severe pain and addiction as fewer doses are needed to maintain analgesia and prevent opioid withdrawal symptoms. However, methadone also has an unpredictable half-life with interindividual variability, which leads to an unpredictable risk of respiratory depression and overdose when initiating or titrating therapy.[A183995]Overall, methadone's pharmacological actions result in analgesia, suppression of opioid withdrawal symptoms, sedation, miosis, sweating, hypotension, bradycardia, nausea and vomiting (via binding within the chemoreceptor trigger zone), and constipation. At higher doses, methadone use can result in respiratory depression, overdose, and death.[F4685,F4688,F4691]Treatment of opioid addiction with methadone, [buprenorphine], or slow-release oral [morphine] (SROM) is termed Opioid Agonist Treatment (OAT) or Opioid Substitution Therapy (OST). The intention of substitution of illicit opioids with the long-acting opioids used in OAT is to prevent withdrawal symptoms for 24-36 hours following dosing to ultimately reduce cravings and drug-seeking behaviours. Use of OAT is also intended to lead to social stabilization by reducing crime rates, incarceration, use of illicit opioids such as [heroin] or [fentanyl], and ultimately marginalization.[A185882] Illegally purchased opioids present many other harms in addition to overdose as they can be injected and may be laced with other substances that increase the risk of harm or overdose. Provision of OAT is often combined with education about harm reduction including use of clean needles and injection supplies in an effort to reduce the risks associated with injection drug use such as contraction of HIV and Hepatitis C and other complications including skin infections, abscesses, or endocarditis.	Methadone Action Pathway,Methadone Metabolism Pathway	
DB00334	Olanzapine	approved,investigational	Olanzapine is a thienobenzodiazepine classified as an atypical or second-generation antipsychotic agent.[A176996] The second-generation antipsychotics were introduced in the 90s and quickly gained traction due to their impressive efficacy, reduced risk for extrapyramidal side effects and reduced susceptibility to drug-drug interactions.[A177011] Olanzapine very closely resembles [clozapine] and only differs by two additional methyl groups and the absence of a chloride moiety.[T554] It was discovered by scientists at Eli Lilly and approved to be marketed in the US in 1996.[T548]		
DB00335	Atenolol	approved	Atenolol is a cardioselective beta-blocker used in a variety of cardiovascular conditions. Sir James Black, a scottish pharmacologist, pioneered the use of beta-blockers for the management of angina pectoris in 1958 for which he received the Nobel Prize.[A178429] Beta-blockers quickly became popular in clinical use and where subsequently investigated for use in myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, and hypertension during the 1960s. Later they continued to be investigated for use in heart failure throughout the 1970-1980s. Atenolol itself was developed early on in this history by Alvogen Malta under the trade name Tenormin and received FDA approval in September, 1981.[label]	Atenolol Action Pathway	
DB00336	Nitrofural	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis.		
DB00337	Pimecrolimus	approved,investigational	Pimecrolimus is an immunomodulating agent that was first marketed by Novartis under the trade name Elidel. It is now promoted in Canada by Galderma since early 2007. It is currently available as a topic cream used in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema).		
DB00338	Omeprazole	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Originally approved by the FDA in 1989, omeprazole is a _proton-pump inhibitor_, used to treat gastric acid-related disorders. These disorders may include gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, and other diseases characterized by the oversecretion of gastric acid.  This drug was the first clinical useful drug in its class, and its approval was followed by the formulation of many other proton pump inhibitor drugs [A174232]. Omeprazole is generally effective and well-tolerated, promoting its popular use in children and adults [FDA label].	Omeprazole Metabolism Pathway,Omeprazole Action Pathway	
DB00339	Pyrazinamide	approved,investigational	A pyrazine that is used therapeutically as an antitubercular agent.		
DB00340	Metixene	approved	Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.		
DB00341	Cetirizine	approved	Cetirizine, also commonly known as _Zyrtec_, is an orally active second-generation histamine H1 antagonist proven effective in the treatment of various allergic symptoms, such as sneezing, coughing, nasal congestion, hives, and other symptoms [A175051], [A175054]. One of the most common uses for this drug is for a condition called _allergic rhinitis_. The prevalence of allergic rhinitis in the United States is about 15% according to physician diagnoses, and up to 30%, according to self-reported nasal symptoms. Allergic rhinitis is associated with multiple missed or unproductive days at work and school, problems with sleep, and other difficulties with day to day activities for many individuals [A175057]. Furthermore, some antihistamine agents that are used to treat this condition cause undesirable, sedating effects [A175060]. Cetirizine is one of the first second-generation H1 antihistamines (SGAHs) formulated to selectively inhibit the H1 receptor without sedating effects [A175054].	Cetirizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00342	Terfenadine	approved,withdrawn	In the U.S., Terfenadine was superseded by fexofenadine in the 1990s due to the risk of cardiac arrhythmia caused by QT interval prolongation.	Terfenadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00343	Diltiazem	approved,investigational	Diltiazem is a benzothiazepine derivative with antihypertensive and vasodilating properties. Approved in 1982 by the FDA, it is a member of the non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers drug class. It works through various mechanisms of action, but it primarily works by inhibiting the calcium influx into cardiac and vascular smooth muscle during depolarization.[L10556] Compared to dihydropyridine drugs, such as [nifedipine], that preferentially act on vascular smooth muscle and [verapamil] that directly acts on the heart muscle, diltiazem displays an intermediate specificity to target both the cardiac and vascular smooth muscle.[T28] Being a potent vasodilator, diltiazem is used clinically as an antihypertensive, anti-arrhythmic, and as an anti-anginal agent [L6289] for the management of cardiovascular conditions such as hypertension, chronic stable angina, atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter. Apart from its main FDA-approved indications, diltiazem has also been used for numerous off-label indications, such as anal fissures (in topical formulations), migraine prophylaxis, pulmonary hypertension, and rest-related cramps in the lower extremities.[L6289] Typically available in extended-release oral and intravenous formulations, diltiazem is marketed under various brand names with Cardizem and Tiazac being the most common ones.	Diltiazem Action Pathway	
DB00344	Protriptyline	approved	Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical &beta;-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H<sub>1</sub> receptors, alpha<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression.		
DB00345	Aminohippuric acid	approved,investigational	The glycine amide of 4-aminobenzoic acid. Its sodium salt is used as a diagnostic aid to measure effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and excretory capacity. [PubChem]		
DB00346	Alfuzosin	approved,investigational	Alfuzosin (INN, provided as the hydrochloride salt) is an alpha-adrenergic blocker used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It works by relaxing the muscles in the prostate and bladder neck, making it easier to urinate.		
DB00347	Trimethadione	approved	An anticonvulsant effective in absence seizures, but generally reserved for refractory cases because of its toxicity. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p378)		
DB00348	Nitisinone	approved,investigational	Nitisinone is a synthetic reversible inhibitor of 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase. It is used in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1. It is sold under the brand name Orfadin.		
DB00349	Clobazam	approved,illicit	Clobazam belongs to the 1,5-benzodiazepine class of drugs and is expected to have a better side-effect profile compared to older 1,4-benzodiazepines. It has been marketed as an anxiolytic since 1975 and an anticonvulsant since 1984. The oral preparation was FDA approved on October 21, 2011. An oral suspension is expected to be available in 2013.		
DB00350	Minoxidil	approved,investigational	A potent direct-acting peripheral vasodilator (vasodilator agents) that reduces peripheral resistance and produces a fall in blood pressure.		
DB00351	Megestrol acetate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	17-Hydroxy-6-methylpregna-3,6-diene-3,20-dione. A progestational hormone used most commonly as the acetate ester. As the acetate, it is more potent than progesterone both as a progestagen and as an ovulation inhibitor. It has also been used in the palliative treatment of breast cancer.		
DB00352	Tioguanine	approved	An antineoplastic compound which also has antimetabolite action. The drug is used in the therapy of acute leukemia.	Thioguanine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00353	Methylergometrine	approved	A homolog of ergonovine containing one more CH2 group. (Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB00354	Buclizine	approved	Buclizine is an antihistamine medication with both antiemetic and anticholinergic effects [L6220], belonging to the _piperazine derivative_ family of drugs. It was manufactured by Stuart Pharms and initially approved by the FDA in 1957.[L6217] Following this, it was touted to be effective as an appetite stimulant in children when administered in the syrup form, however, this indication has not been validated.[A178102] In addition to the above conditions, buclizine has been studied in the treatment of migraine attacks and in the treatment of nausea and vomiting during pregnancy. [A178105, A178108]	Buclizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00355	Aztreonam	approved	A monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum. It is resistant to beta-lactamases and is used in gram-negative infections, especially of the meninges, bladder, and kidneys. It may cause a superinfection with gram-positive organisms.		
DB00356	Chlorzoxazone	approved	A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)		
DB00357	Aminoglutethimide	approved,investigational	An aromatase inhibitor that produces a state of "medical" adrenalectomy by blocking the production of adrenal steroids. It also blocks the conversion of androgens to estrogens. Aminoglutethimide has been used in the treatment of advanced breast and prostate cancer. It was formerly used for its weak anticonvulsant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p454)		
DB00358	Mefloquine	approved,investigational	A phospholipid-interacting antimalarial drug (antimalarials).  It is very effective against plasmodium falciparum with very few side effects. [PubChem]		
DB00359	Sulfadiazine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	One of the short-acting sulfonamides used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections.		
DB00360	Sapropterin	approved,investigational	Sapropterin (tetrahydrobiopterin or BH4) is a cofactor in the synthesis of nitric oxide. It is also essential in the conversion of phenylalanine to tyrosine by the enzyme phenylalanine-4-hydroxylase; the conversion of tyrosine to L-dopa by the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase; and conversion of tryptophan to 5-hydroxytryptophan via tryptophan hydroxylase.	Tryptophan Metabolism,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),DOPA-Responsive Dystonia,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Doxorubicin Metabolism Pathway,Tyrosine Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Tyrosinemia Type I,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Hyperphenylalaniemia Due to Guanosine Triphosphate Cyclohydrolase Deficiency,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to 6-Pyruvoyltetrahydropterin Synthase Deficiency (ptps),L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Pterine Biosynthesis,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to DHPR-Deficiency,Segawa Syndrome,Sepiapterin Reductase Deficiency,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Nitric Oxide Signaling Pathway	
DB00361	Vinorelbine	approved,investigational	Vinorelbine is an anti-mitotic chemotherapy drug that is used in the treatment of several types of malignancies, including breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) [L1998].  It was initially approved in the USA in 1990's for the treatment of NSCLC [L2010].It is a third-generation vinca alkaloid. The introduction of third-generation drugs (vinorelbine, gemcitabine, taxanes) in platinum combination improved survival of patients with advanced NSCLC, with very similar results from the various drugs. Treatment toxicities are considerable in the combination treatment setting [A32347].A study was done on the clearance rate of vinorelbine on individuals with various single polymorphonuclear mutations.  It was found that there was 4.3-fold variation in vinorelbine clearance across the cohort, suggesting a strong influence of genetics on the clearance of this drug [L2002].	Vinorelbine Action Pathway	
DB00362	Anidulafungin	approved,investigational	Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin.		
DB00363	Clozapine	approved	A tricyclic dibenzodiazepine, classified as an atypical antipsychotic agent. It binds several types of central nervous system receptors, and displays a unique pharmacological profile. Clozapine is a serotonin antagonist, with strong binding to 5-HT 2A/2C receptor subtype. It also displays strong affinity to several dopaminergic receptors, but shows only weak antagonism at the dopamine D2 receptor, a receptor commonly thought to modulate neuroleptic activity. Agranulocytosis is a major adverse effect associated with administration of this agent.		
DB00364	Sucralfate	approved	Sucralfate is a medication that is widely used to prevent and treat a number of diseases in the gastrointestinal tract such as duodenal ulcers [FDA label], gastro-esophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastritis, peptic ulcer disease, stress ulcer, in addition to dyspepsia [A177655].  It is considered a _cytoprotective agent_, protecting cells in the gastrointestinal tract from damage caused by agents such as gastric acid, bile salts, alcohol, and acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), among other substances [A177655, F4519].Sucralfate has been shown to be a well-tolerated and safe drug. It is sold under many brands and is available in both tablet and suspension forms.  It was approved by the FDA  1982 in tablet form, and in 1994 for the suspension form [L6073, L6076].		
DB00365	Grepafloxacin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Grepafloxacin is an oral broad-spectrum quinoline antibacterial agent used to treat bacterial infections. Due to the QTc-prolonging potential, as indicated by the changes in the QT interval on the electrocardiogram, and the risk for cardiovascular adverse events, grepafloxacin was withdrawn in the United States.		
DB00366	Doxylamine	approved,vet_approved	Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism.	Doxylamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00367	Levonorgestrel	approved,investigational	Levonorgestrel (LNG) is a synthetic progestogen similar to [Progesterone] used in contraception and hormone therapy.[A181988,T659] Also known as Plan B, it is used as a single agent in emergency contraception, and as a hormonal contraceptive released from an intrauterine device, commonly referred to as an IUD. Some of these devices are known as Jaydess, Kyleena, and Mirena.  A subdermal implant of levonorgestrel that slowly releases the hormone over a long-term period is also available.[L7823]  In addition to the above uses, levonorgestrel is used as a component of long-term combination contraceptives.[A181991,L7760,L7778] Globally, levonorgestrel is the most commonly used emergency contraceptive. It was initially granted FDA approval in 1982 and was the first emergency contraceptive containing only progesterone, showing high levels of efficacy and a lack of estrogenic adverse effects when compared to older emergency contraceptive regimens.[A181976,A181994,L7760]		
DB00368	Norepinephrine	approved	Precursor of epinephrine that is secreted by the adrenal medulla and is a widespread central and autonomic neurotransmitter. Norepinephrine is the principal transmitter of most postganglionic sympathetic fibers and of the diffuse projection system in the brain arising from the locus ceruleus. It is also found in plants and is used pharmacologically as a sympathomimetic.	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Benzocaine Action Pathway,Bupivacaine Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Local Anaesthetic) Action Pathway,Proparacaine Action Pathway,Codeine Action Pathway,Hydromorphone Action Pathway,Fentanyl Action Pathway,Sufentanil Action Pathway,Methadyl Acetate Action Pathway,Dimethylthiambutene Action Pathway,Dihydromorphine Action Pathway,Ketobemidone  Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Oxybuprocaine Action Pathway,Morphine Action Pathway,Hydrocodone Action Pathway,Oxymorphone Action Pathway,Remifentanil Action Pathway,Fluoxetine Action Pathway,Nicotine Action Pathway,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Propoxyphene Action Pathway,Anileridine Action Pathway,3-Methylthiofentanyl Action Pathway,Levallorphan Action Pathway	
DB00369	Cidofovir	approved	Cidofovir is an injectable antiviral medication employed in the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients diagnosed with AIDS. It suppresses CMV replication through selective inhibition of viral DNA synthesis.[FDA label] It was manufactured by _Gilead_ and initially approved by the FDA in 1996, but has since been discontinued.[L6223]		
DB00370	Mirtazapine	approved	Mirtazapine is a tetracyclic _piperazino-azepine_ antidepressant agent that was initially approved for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the Netherlands in 1994.[A177946] This drug was first manufactured by Organon Inc., and received FDA approval in 1997 for the treatment of major depressive disorder.[T595, L6157] The effects of this drug may be observed as early as 1 week after beginning therapy.[A178144,L6160]In addition to its beneficial effects in depression, mirtazapine has been reported to be efficacious in the off-label management of various other conditions.  It may improve the symptoms of neurological disorders, reverse weight loss caused by medical conditions, improve sleep, and prevent nausea and vomiting after surgery.[A177811]	Mirtazapine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00371	Meprobamate	approved,illicit	A carbamate with hypnotic, sedative, and some muscle relaxant properties, although in therapeutic doses reduction of anxiety rather than a direct effect may be responsible for muscle relaxation. Meprobamate has been reported to have anticonvulsant actions against petit mal seizures, but not against grand mal seizures (which may be exacerbated). It is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders, and also for the short-term management of insomnia but has largely been superseded by the benzodiazepines. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p603) Meprobamate is a controlled substance in the U.S.	Capecitabine Action Pathway,Capecitabine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00372	Thiethylperazine	approved,withdrawn	A dopamine antagonist that is particularly useful in treating the nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia, mildly emetic cancer chemotherapy agents, radiation therapy, and toxins. This piperazine phenothiazine does not prevent vertigo or motion sickness. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p457)		
DB00373	Timolol	approved	Timolol is a nonselective beta-adrenergic antagonist given in an eye drop solution to reduce intraocular pressure, or pressure in the eyes.[L6724] It is also used in tablet form as a drug to treat hypertension.[L6727] Timolol was first approved by the FDA in 1978.[L6724] This drug is marketed by several manufacturers [L6736] and is an effective agent for the management of conditions such as open-angle glaucoma and hypertension.	Timolol Action Pathway	
DB00374	Treprostinil	approved,investigational	Treprostinil is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, used to treat pulmonary hypertension.		
DB00375	Colestipol	approved	Bile acid sequestrants like colestipol have been in use since the 1970s.[FDA Label, F4555, F4567, L6262] And even though such an agent may very well be useful in reducing elevated cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease due to hypercholesterolemia, colestipol is still generally only employed as an adjunct therapy and the relatively physical nature of its pharmacological activity sometimes limits its usefulness.[FDA Label, F4555, F4567, L6262]In particular, as colestipol's general mechanism of action ultimately results in the decreased absorption and enhanced secretion of bile acids and lipids in the feces, patients who take complicated medication regimens, experience constipation or biliary obstruction, etc. may not be good candidates for using the agent owing to its physical effects on the gut.[FDA Label, F4555, F4567, L6262]Alternatively, colestipol predominantly elicits its activities within the gut environment because it undergoes little absorption and metabolism.[FDA Label, F4555, F4567, L6262] The resultant lack of systemic exposure consequently means the medication generally demonstrates very few adverse effects inside the body.[FDA Label, F4555, F4567, L6262]		
DB00376	Trihexyphenidyl	approved	One of the centrally acting muscarinic antagonists used for treatment of parkinsonian disorders and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic.		
DB00377	Palonosetron	approved,investigational	Palonosetron (INN, trade name Aloxi) is an antagonist of 5-HT3 receptors that is indicated for the prevention and treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). It is the most effective of the 5-HT3 antagonists in controlling delayed CINV nausea and vomiting that appear more than 24 hours after the first dose of a course of chemotherapy and is the only drug of its class approved for this use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. As of 2008, it is the most recent 5-HT3 antagonist to enter clinical use.		
DB00378	Dydrogesterone	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A synthetic progestational hormone with no androgenic or estrogenic properties. Unlike many other progestational compounds, dydrogesterone produces no increase in temperature and does not inhibit ovulation.		
DB00379	Mexiletine	approved,investigational	Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties.	Mexiletine Action Pathway	
DB00380	Dexrazoxane	approved,withdrawn	An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.		
DB00381	Amlodipine	approved	Amlodipine, initially approved by the FDA in 1987, is a popular antihypertensive drug belonging to the group of drugs called _dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers_.  Due to their selectivity for the peripheral blood vessels, dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers are associated with a lower incidence of myocardial depression and cardiac conduction abnormalities than other calcium channel blockers [A175327].Amlodipine is commonly used in the treatment of high blood pressure and angina. Amlodipine has antioxidant properties and an ability to enhance the production of nitric oxide (NO), an important vasodilator that decreases blood pressure [A175321].  The option for single daily dosing of amlodipine is an attractive feature of this drug [FDA label].	Amlodipine Action Pathway	
DB00382	Tacrine	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A centerally active cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to counter the effects of muscle relaxants, as a respiratory stimulant, and in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system disorders. Tacrine has been discontinued for the United States market.		
DB00383	Oxyphencyclimine	approved	Oxyphencyclimine is an anticholinergic drug (trade name Daricon) used in treating peptic ulcers.		
DB00384	Triamterene	approved	Triamterene (2,4,7-triamino-6-phenylpteridine) is a potassium-sparing diuretic that is used in the management of hypertension. It works by promoting the excretion of sodium ions and water while decreasing the potassium excretion in the distal part of the nephron in the kidneys by working on the lumenal side.[A177985] Since it acts on the distal nephron where only a small fraction of sodium ion reabsorption occurs, triamterene is reported to have limited diuretic efficacy.[T28] Due to its effects on increased serum potassium levels, triamterene is associated with a risk of producing hyperkalemia. Triamterene is a weak antagonist of folic acid, and a photosensitizing drug.[L6163] Triamterene was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S. in 1964.[L6163] Currently, triamterene is used in the treatment of edema associated with various conditions as monotherapy and is approved for use with other diuretics to enhance diuretic and potassium-sparing effects.[L6166] It is also found in a combination product with hydrochlorothiazide that is used for the management of hypertension or treatment of edema in patients who develop hypokalemia on hydrochlorothiazide alone.	Triamterene Action Pathway	
DB00385	Valrubicin	approved	Valrubicin (N-trifluoroacetyladriamycin-14-valerate) is a chemotherapy drug commonly marketed under the trade name VALSTAR.  It is a semisynthetic analog of the [doxorubicin], which is an anthracycline drug. Used in the treatment of the bladder cancer, valrubicin is administered by direct infusion into the bladder.		
DB00387	Procyclidine	approved	A muscarinic antagonist that crosses the blood-brain barrier and is used in the treatment of drug-induced extrapyramidal disorders and in parkinsonism.		
DB00388	Phenylephrine	approved	Phenylephrine is an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor agonist used to treat hypotension,[L9416,L9410] dilate the pupil,[L9413] and induce local vasoconstriction.[A187370] The action of phenylephrine, or neo-synephrine, was first described in literature in the 1930s.[A187376]Phenylephrine was granted FDA approval in 1939.[L9413]		
DB00389	Carbimazole	approved,investigational	An imidazole antithyroid agent. Carbimazole is metabolized to methimazole, which is responsible for the antithyroid activity.		
DB00390	Digoxin	approved	Digoxin is one of the oldest cardiovascular medications used today.[A178225] It is a common agent used to manage atrial fibrillation and the symptoms of heart failure.[A178234] Digoxin is classified as a cardiac glycoside and was initially approved by the FDA in 1954.[L9143]This drug originates from the foxglove plant, also known as the _Digitalis_ plant[T610], studied by William Withering, an English physician and botanist in the 1780s.[A178237,A178240] Prior to this, a Welsh family, historically referred to as the _Physicians of Myddvai_, formulated drugs from this plant. They were one of the first to prescribe cardiac glycosides, according to ancient literature dating as early as the 1250s.[A178240]		
DB00391	Sulpiride	approved,investigational	A dopamine D2-receptor antagonist. It has been used therapeutically as an antidepressant, antipsychotic, and as a digestive aid. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB00392	Profenamine	approved	Profenamine is a medication derived from phenothiazine. It is primarily used as an antidyskinetic to treat parkinsonism. It is sold under the trade names Parsidol in the United States and Parsidan in Canada.		
DB00393	Nimodipine	approved,investigational	Nimodipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nimodipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Compared to other calcium channel blocking agents, nimodipine exhibits greater effects on cerebral circulation than on peripheral circulation. Nimodipine is used to as an adjunct to improve the neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm.	Nimodipine Action Pathway	
DB00394	Beclomethasone dipropionate	approved,investigational	Beclomethasone dipropionate is a second-generation synthetic corticosteroid agent [A179842] and a diester of beclomethasone, which is structurally similar to [dexamethasone].[L6871] It is a prodrug of an active metabolite beclomethasone 17-monopropionate (17-BMP)[A179839] which acts on the glucocorticoid receptor to mediates its therapeutic action. Beclomethasone dipropionate itself posesses weak glucocorticoid receptor binding affinity and is rapidly converted into 17-BMP upon administration.[A179839] Formulations for oral inhalation, intranasal, and topical use are available for beclomethasone dipropionate. Beclomethasone dipropionate became first available in a pressurized metered-dose inhaler in 1972 and later in a dry powder inhaler and an aqueous nasal spray.[A179839] Due to its anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and anti-allergy properties, beclomethasone dipropionate is used in various inflammatory conditions, such as asthma, allergic rhinitis, and dermatoses to reduce symptoms. When inhaled, it is proposed that beclomethasone dipropionate remains active locally in the lung without causing significant side effects associated with systemic corticosteroids.[A180010] Compared to earlier corticosteroids such as [dexamethasone] and [prednisolone], beclomethasone dipropionate is reported to be less irritating to the nasal mucosa with a longer duration of action when administered intranasally.[A179848]		
DB00395	Carisoprodol	approved	Originally approved by the FDA in 1959 [FDA label], carisoprodol is a centrally acting muscle relaxant used in painful musculoskeletal conditions in conjunction with physical therapy and other medications [A176047].  This drug is available by itself in an oral tablet or combined with aspirin, or in a fixed-dose combination with both aspirin and codeine [FDA label, F4060, F4069].In January 2012, this drug was classified as a Schedule IV substance under the controlled substances act in several US states due to alarming rates of abuse [A176062, A176077] despite having a low potential for abuse in addition to a low risk of dependence [L5074].		
DB00396	Progesterone	approved,vet_approved	Progesterone is a hormone that occurs naturally in females, and is essential for endometrial receptivity, embryo implantation, and the successful establishment of pregnancy. A low progesterone concentration or an insufficient response to progesterone can cause infertility and pregnancy loss [A175609]. Progesterone is used in various contraceptive preparations to prevent ovulation and fertilization [T481], [A175612] as well as in other formulations to promote and support pregnancy.  Please see [Medroxyprogesterone acetate], [Megestrol acetate], [Dydrogesterone] and [Hydroxyprogesterone] entries for information on various other forms of progesterone.Pharmaceutical progesterone is made from a plant source as a starting material and is chemically identical to progesterone of human ovarian origin [FDA label]. Progesterone is available in gelatinized capsule form, vaginal gel form, tablet form, vaginal insert form, and injection form, all used for various purposes [Label,F3898,F3904,F3901,F3907].	Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,11-beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP11B1),Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess Syndrome,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 5 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 17 alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase I Deficiency (CMO I),3-beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Steroidogenesis,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 3 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency,17-alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP17),21-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP21),Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase II Deficiency (CMO II)	
DB00397	Phenylpropanolamine	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn	Phenylpropanolamine is a sympathomimetic agent that acts as a nonselective adrenergic receptor agonist and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. It has been used as a decongestant and appetite suppressant. Currently, it is withdrawn from the market in Canada and the United States due to the risk for hemorrahgic strokes.		
DB00398	Sorafenib	approved,investigational	Sorafenib (rINN), marketed as Nexavar by Bayer, is a drug approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (primary kidney cancer). It has also received "Fast Track" designation by the FDA for the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer), and has since performed well in Phase III trials.Sorafenib is a small molecular inhibitor of Raf kinase, PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor), VEGF receptor 2 & 3 kinases and c Kit the receptor for Stem cell factor. A growing number of drugs target most of these pathways. The originality of Sorafenib lays in its simultaneous targeting of the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway.	Sorafenib Metabolism Pathway	
DB00399	Zoledronic acid	approved	Zoledronic acid, or CGP 42'446,[A203120] is a third generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate similar to [ibandronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid].[A203111] Zoledronic acid is used to treat and prevent multiple forms of osteoporosis, hypercalcemia of malignancy, multiple myeloma, bone metastases from solid tumors, and Paget’s disease of bone.[L13712,L13715,L13721] Zoledronic acid was first described in the literature in 1994.[A203120]Zoledronic acid was granted FDA approval on 20 August 2001.[L13712]	Zoledronate Action Pathway	
DB00400	Griseofulvin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An antifungal antibiotic. Griseofulvin may be given by mouth in the treatment of tinea infections.		
DB00401	Nisoldipine	approved	Nisoldipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nisoldipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Nisoldipine may be used in alone or in combination with other agents in the management of hypertension.	Nisoldipine Action Pathway	
DB00402	Eszopiclone	approved,investigational	Eszopiclone, marketed by Sepracor under the brand-name Lunesta, is a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic drug used to treat insomnia. It is the active stereoisomer of zopiclone, belonging to the class of drugs known as _cyclopyrrolones_.[A179638,L6850] Cyclopyrrolone drugs demonstrate high efficacy and low toxicity[A179827], offering a safer alternative to other drugs used for insomnia.One major benefit of eszopiclone is that it is approved by the FDA for the long-term treatment of insomnia. This sets it apart from many other hypnotic sedatives, which are generally approved only for the relief of short-term (6-8 weeks) insomnia. Eszopiclone was initially approved by the FDA in 2004.[L6769]		
DB00403	Ceruletide	approved	Caerulein is a specific decapeptide similar in action and composition to the natural gastrointestinal peptide hormone cholecystokinin. It exerts stimulatory effects on the gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion, as well as on certain smooth muscles.		
DB00404	Alprazolam	approved,illicit,investigational	Alprazolam is a triazolobenzodiazepine indicated for the treatment of anxiety and panic disorders.[Label] It is mainly metabolized by CYP3As and so is contraindicated with CYP3A inhibitors like ketoconazole and itraconazole.[Label] Benzodiazepine treatment should be stopped gradually by tapering down a patient's dose to avoid withdrawal symptoms.[A18125] Alprazolam's adverse effects are generally related to the sedation it can cause.[A18125] Alprazolam has been mixed with alcohol as a drug of abuse to potentiate the sedative effects of the drug which may lead to coma and death.[A18125] Alprazolam was given FDA approval on October 16, 1981[L6148].		
DB00405	Dexbrompheniramine	approved	Dexbrompheniramine maleate is an antihistamine agent that is used for the treatment of allergic conditions, such as hay fever or urticaria.	Dexbrompheniramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00406	Gentian violet cation	approved	A dye that is a mixture of violet rosanilinis with antibacterial, antifungal, and anthelmintic properties.		
DB00407	Ardeparin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Ardeparin, marketed under the US trade name Normiflo, is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) anticoagulant used for the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis. Ardeparin is derived via peroxide degradation of heparin extracted from porcine intestinal mucosa. Its molecular weight ranges from 2000 to 15,000 with an average molecular weight of 5500 to 6500. Normiflo was withdrawn from the US market in March 2000.	Enoxaparin Action Pathway,Ardeparin Action Pathway	
DB00408	Loxapine	approved	An antipsychotic agent used in schizophrenia. [PubChem]		
DB00409	Remoxipride	approved,withdrawn	Remoxipride is an atypical antipsychotic agent that is specific for dopamine D<sub>2</sub> receptors.[A215422] It gained approval in the UK in 1989 but was withdrawn in 1993 after it was found to be associated with an increased incidence of aplastic anemia.[A215422,A215512]		
DB00410	Mupirocin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Mupirocin, formerly termed pseudomonic acid A,[A178531] is a novel antibacterial agent with a unique chemical structure and mode of action apart from other antibiotic agents. Produced by fermentation using the organism _Pseudomonas fluorescens_, mupirocin is a naturally-occurring antibiotic that displays a broad-specturm activity against many gram-positive bacteria and certain gram-negative bacteria _in vitro_.[L10580] It primarily works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis. Due to its unique mode of action of inhibiting the activity of bacterial isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, mupirocin does not demonstrate cross-resistance with other classes of antimicrobial agents, giving it a therapeutic advantage.[L10580] It is available in topical formulations only due to extensive systemic metabolism[A178531] and is used in the treatment of impetigo caused by _Staphylococcus aureus_ and _Streptococcus pyogenes_ and traumatic skin lesions due to secondary skin infections caused by _S. aureus_ and _S. pyogenes_. There is also some clinical evidence that suggests the potential role of mupirocin in eradicating nasal carriage of Staphylococci when administered intranasally.[A178531,A178591] Mupirocin is commonly marketed under the brand name Bactroban.		
DB00411	Carbamoylcholine	approved	A slowly hydrolyzed cholinergic agonist that acts at both muscarinic and nicotinic receptors.		
DB00412	Rosiglitazone	approved,investigational	Rosiglitazone is an anti-diabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline as a stand-alone drug (Avandia) and in combination with metformin (Avandamet) or with glimepiride (Avandaryl). Like other thiazolidinediones, the mechanism of action of rosiglitazone is by activation of the intracellular receptor class of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), specifically PPARγ. Rosiglitazone is a selective ligand of PPARγ, and has no PPARα-binding action. Apart from its effect on insulin resistance, it appears to have an anti-inflammatory effect: nuclear factor kappa-B (NFκB) levels fall and inhibitor (IκB) levels increase in patients on rosiglitazone. Recent research has suggested that rosiglitazone may also be of benefit to a subset of patients with Alzheimer's disease not expressing the ApoE4 allele. This is the subject of a clinical trial currently underway.	Rosiglitazone Metabolism Pathway	
DB00413	Pramipexole	approved,investigational	Pramipexole is a drug used to treat the symptoms of Parkinson's Disease (PD).  It is a _non-ergot dopamine agonist_ drug that is efficacious in treating various Parkinson's symptoms such as tremor, rigidity, and bradykinesia (slow movement) [A176867]. It was first approved by the FDA in 1997 [L5882]. Parkinson's Disease is one of the most common neurodegenerative disorders and causes a high level of disability in patients [A176855], leading to increased difficulty in performing activities of daily living due to symptoms that progress over time [A176858]. The prevalence of Parkinson's Disease worldwide has increased from approximately 2.5 million in 1990 to about 6.1 million in 2016 [A176861].  This increase may be attributed to an aging population along with other contributing factors [A176861].In addition to the above FDA approval for Parkinson's Disease, pramipexole was also approved by the FDA in 2006 for the treatment of Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS) [A176873]. RLS is a sleep-related disorder characterized by unpleasant sensations in the lower extremities, often accompanied by an uncontrollable urge to move the legs [A176876].		
DB00414	Acetohexamide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent that is metabolized in the liver to 1-hydrohexamide. Acetohexamide has been discontinued in the US market.		
DB00415	Ampicillin	approved,vet_approved	Ampicillin is a semi-synthetic derivative of penicillin that functions as an orally active broad-spectrum antibiotic.		
DB00416	Metocurine iodide	approved,withdrawn	Metocurine iodide is a benzylisoquinolinium competitive nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent. It is used as an anesthesia adjunct to induce skeletal muscle relaxation and to reduce the intensity of muscle contractions in convulsive therapy Metocurine iodide has a moderate risk of inducing histamine release and has some ganglion blocking activity. Metocurine iodide can be used most advantageously if muscle twitch response to peripheral nerve stimulation is monitored to assess degree of muscle relaxation. Metocurine Iodide is no longer available on the US market.		
DB00417	Phenoxymethylpenicillin	approved,vet_approved	Phenoxymethylpenicillin is a narrow spectrum antibiotic also commonly referred to as Penicillin V or Penicillin VK.[A178609] It is a phenoxymethyl analog of Penicillin G, or [benzylpenicillin]. An orally active naturally penicillin, phenoxymethylpenicillin is used to treat mild to moderate infections in the respiratory tract, skin, and soft tissues caused by penicillin G­-sensitive microorganisms. Phenoxymethylpenicillin has also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms. While there have been no controlled clinical efficacy studies that were conducted, phenoxymethylpenicillin has been suggested by the American Heart Association and the American Dental Association for use as an oral regimen for prophylaxis against bacterial endocarditis in patients with congenital heart disease or rheumatic or other acquired valvular heart disease when they undergo dental procedures and surgical procedures of the upper respiratory tract, except for those who are at an elevated risk for endocarditis.[label]		
DB00418	Secobarbital	approved,vet_approved	Secobarbital (marketed by Eli Lilly and Company under the brand names Seconal and Tuinal) is a barbiturate derivative drug with anaesthetic, anticonvulsant, sedative and hypnotic properties. It is commonly known as quinalbarbitone in the United Kingdom.		
DB00419	Miglustat	approved	Miglustat, commonly marketed under the trade name Zavesca, is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.		
DB00420	Promazine	approved,vet_approved	A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. It is currently not approved for use in the United States.		
DB00421	Spironolactone	approved	Spironolactone is a potassium sparing diuretic like [eplerenone] that competitively inhibits mineralocorticoid receptors in the distal convoluted tubule to promote sodium and water excretion and potassium retention.[A11837]. Spironolactone was originally developed purely for this ability before other pharmacodynamic properties of the drug were discovered.[A11837,A178246] It is indicated to treat a number of conditions including heart failure, deem, hyperaldosteronism, adrenal hyperplasia, hypertension, and nephrotic syndrome.[Label] Off label uses of spironolactone involving its antiandrogenic activity include hirsutism, female pattern hair loss, and adult acne vulgaris.[A178135] Spironolactone is also frequently used in medical gender transition.[A178138]Spironolactone was developed in 1957, marketed in 1959, and approved by the FDA on January 21, 1960.[A178243,L6187]	Spironolactone Action Pathway	
DB00422	Methylphenidate	approved,investigational	Methylphenidate is a central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and for narcolepsy. Also known as the marketed products Ritalin, Concerta, or Biphentin, methylphenidate is used with other treatment modalities (psychological, educational, cognitive behaviour therapy, etc) to improve the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms associated with ADHD: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity. Long-acting formulations of psychostimulants such as methylphenidate, [DB01576], and [DB01255] are considered the most effective and widely used treatment for ADHD, and are considered first-line options for children, adolescents, and adults as recommended by CADDRA (Canadian ADHD Resource Alliance). [L6037] CADDRA recommends the use of methylphenidate due to long term studies, of over twenty years in duration, which show methylphenidate is safe and effective.  While its exact mechanism is unclear, methylphenidate (MPH) has been shown to act as a norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI), thereby increasing the presence of these neurotransmitters in the extraneuronal space and prolonging their action.[A177541] There is a dose-related effect of psychostimulants on receptor stimulation, where higher doses are shown to increase norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine (DA) efflux throughout the brain which can result in impaired cognition and locomotor-activating effects. In contrast, low doses are found to selectively activate NE and DA neurotransmission within the prefrontal cortex which is an area of the brain thought to play a prominent role in ADHD pathophysiology, thereby improving clinical efficacy and preventing side effects.[A177547] The lower doses used to treat ADHD are not associated with the locomotor-activating effects associated with higher doses and instead reduce movement, impulsivity, and increase cognitive function including sustained attention and working memory.[A177541, A177544] Methylphenidate's beneficial effects in sustaining attention have also been shown to be mediated by alpha-1 adrenergic receptor activity.[A177550] Clinical findings have shown that children with ADHD have an abnormality in the dopamine transporter gene (DAT1), the D4 receptor gene (DRD-4), and/or the D2 receptor gene that may be at least partly overcome by the dopaminergic effects of methylphenidate, suggesting a possible mode of action.[F4474]When provided as Biphentin®, methylphenidate is released through a multi-layer release delivery system (MLRTM) where 40% of the dose is provided as an immediate release and 60% is provided through a gradual release. Biphentin was designed to be an alternative to separate doses of immediate-release (IR) methylphenidate by providing a biphasic concentration-time profile when given as a single dose. The MLRTM release system allows for a sustained effect for 10-12 hours, allowing for once-daily dosing that covers the major times that ADHD impairment might occur (such as school, homework periods, during the work day, etc).When provided as Concerta®, methylphenidate is released through the patented Osmotic Controlled-Release Oral Delivery (OROS) system where 22% of the dose is provided as an immediate release and 78% is provided through a gradual release.[A631] OROS is comprised of an osmotically active trilayer core surrounded by a semipermeable membrane with an immediate-release drug overcoat. Within an aqueous environment, such as the stomach, the drug overcoat, which consists of 22% of the dose, dissolves within one hour, providing an initial immediate-release formulation of methylphenidate. Water then permeates through the membrane into the tablet core where the osmotically active polymer excipients expand, allowing methylphenidate to release slowly through the orifice over a period of 6-7 hours. Concerta also provides a sustained 10-12 hour effect, allowing for once-daily dosing.Methylphenidate contains a blackbox warning stating that CNS stimulants, including methylphenidate-containing products and amphetamines, have a high potential for abuse and dependence. This abuse potential is likely related to the effects associated with higher doses of methylphenidate, which induce surface expression of the dopamine transporter (DAT).[A177553] In particular, increased dopamine in key brain areas is associated with the reinforcing and addictive properties of psychostimulants such as methylphenidate, and even amplifies the potency and reinforcing effects of other drugs of abuse such as amphetamines, making ADHD sufferers more susceptible to their addictive effects.[A177556] Concerns about abuse potential have spurred research into medications with fewer effects on DAT and the use of non-stimulant ADHD medications including [DB00289] and [DB01018].		
DB00423	Methocarbamol	approved,vet_approved	Methocarbamol was developed in the early 1950s as a treatment for muscle spasticity and the associated pain.[A178441,A178450] It is a guaiacol glyceryl ether.[A178450]Methocarbamol tablets and intramuscular injections are prescription medicines indicated in the United States as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.[Label,L6268] In Canada, methocarbamol can be sold as an over the counter oral medicine at a lower dose that may be combined with [acetaminophen] or [ibuprofen].[L6295] A combination product with [acetylsalicylic acid] and [codeine] is available in Canada by prescription.[L6295]Methocarbamol was FDA approved on 16 July 1957.[L6265]		
DB00424	Hyoscyamine	approved	Hyoscyamine is a chemical compound, a tropane alkaloid it is the levo-isomer to atropine. It is a secondary metabolite of some plants, particularly henbane (Hyoscamus niger.)Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in end of life care.		
DB00425	Zolpidem	approved	Zolpidem, also known as _Ambien_, is a hypnotic drug that was initially approved by the FDA in 1992 [FDA label].  Zolpidem improves sleep in patients with insomnia. It is aimed for use in patients with difficulties initiating sleep. This drug decreases the time to fall asleep (sleep latency), increases the duration of sleep, and decreases the number of awakenings during sleep in patients with temporary (transient) insomnia.  It is available in both immediate acting and extended release forms [FDA label], [F3802]. Its tolerability profile is favorable when administered according to the manufacturer’s instructions, with a low risk of drug withdrawal, drug dependence, and drug tolerance [A175426]. In addition, zolpidem improves sleep quality in patients suffering from chronic insomnia and can show mild muscle relaxant properties [L5584]. Research also shows that zolpidem is rapid and effective in restoring brain function for patients in a vegetative state following brain injury. This drug has the propensity to completely or partially reverse the abnormal metabolism of damaged brain cells after injury [L5584], [A175444].		
DB00426	Famciclovir	approved,investigational	Famciclovir, marketed as Famvir by Novartis, is a guanine analogue used to treat herpes virus infections. It is most commonly used to treat herpes zoster (shingles). Famciclovir is a prodrug of penciclovir with higher oral bioavailability.		
DB00427	Triprolidine	approved	First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.	Triprolidine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00428	Streptozocin	approved,investigational	An antibiotic that is produced by Stretomyces achromogenes. It is used as an antineoplastic agent and to induce diabetes in experimental animals.		
DB00429	Carboprost tromethamine	approved	A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy.		
DB00430	Cefpiramide	approved	Cefpiramide is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.		
DB00431	Lindane	approved,withdrawn	An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pediculosis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015.		
DB00432	Trifluridine	approved,investigational	Trifluridine is a fluorinated pyrimidine nucleoside that is structurally related to [idoxuridine] [A35271]. It is an active antiviral agent in ophthalmic solutions used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus. It displays effective antiviral activity against Herpes simplex virus type 1 and 2 [A35271]. The combination product of trifluridine with tipiracil marketed as Lonsurf has been approved in Japan, the United States, and the European Union for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who have been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, an anti-VEGF biological therapy, and if RAS wild-type, an anti-EGFR therapy. In the anticancer therapy, trifluridine acts as a thymidine-based nucleoside metabolic inhibitor that gets incorporated into DNA of cancer cells following cell uptake to aberrate DNA function during cell replication [F649].		
DB00433	Prochlorperazine	approved,vet_approved	Prochlorperazine, also known as compazine, is a piperazine phenothiazine and first-generation antipsychotic drug that is used for the treatment of severe nausea and vomiting, as well as short-term management of psychotic disorders such as generalized non-psychotic anxiety and schizophrenia.[label] It mainly works by depressing the chemoreceptor trigger zone and blocking D2 dopamine receptors in the brain. It was shown to also block histaminergic, cholinergic and noradrenergic receptors.[L6637] Prochlorperazine was first developed in the 1950s [L6643] and was first approved by the FDA in 1956. Although newer antiemetic agents such as 5-HT3 antagonists are more heavily promoted, prochlorperazine is still widely used in nausea and vomiting.[L6640]		
DB00434	Cyproheptadine	approved	A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc.	Cyproheptadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00435	Nitric Oxide	approved	Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.	Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Nitric Oxide Signaling Pathway	
DB00436	Bendroflumethiazide	approved	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. It has been used in the treatment of familial hyperkalemia, hypertension, edema, and urinary tract disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p810)	Bendroflumethiazide Action Pathway	
DB00437	Allopurinol	approved	Gout is a disease that occurs by the deposition of monosodium urate crystals (MSU) in body tissues, especially around joints [A175942].  This disease has been well-documented in historical medical records and appears in the biographies of several prominent, historically recognized individuals [A175942].Allopurinol is a xanthine oxidase enzyme inhibitor that is considered to be one of the most effective drugs used to decrease urate levels and is frequently used in the treatment of chronic gout [A36705]. It was initially approved by the FDA in 1966 [L5674] and is now formulated by several manufacturers [L5677].		
DB00438	Ceftazidime	approved	Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.		
DB00439	Cerivastatin	approved,withdrawn	On August 8, 2001 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced that Bayer Pharmaceutical Division voluntarily withdrew Baycol from the U.S. market, due to reports of fatal Rhabdomyolysis, a severe adverse reaction from this cholesterol-lowering (lipid-lowering) product. It has also been withdrawn from the Canadian market.	Cerivastatin Action Pathway	
DB00440	Trimethoprim	approved,vet_approved	Trimethoprim is an antifolate antibacterial agent that inhibits bacterial dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), a critical enzyme that catalyzes the formation of tetrahydrofolic acid (THF) - in doing so, it prevents the synthesis of bacterial DNA and ultimately continued bacterial survival.[L11893] Trimethoprim is often used in combination with [sulfamethoxazole] due to their complementary and synergistic mechanisms but may be used as a monotherapy in the treatment and/or prophylaxis of urinary tract infections.[L11893,L11830] It is structurally and chemically related to [pyrimethamine], another antifolate antimicrobial used in the treatment of plasmodial infections.[T707]		
DB00441	Gemcitabine	approved	Gemcitabine is a nucleoside analog used as chemotherapy. It is marketed as Gemzar® by Eli Lilly and Company. As with fluorouracil and other analogues of pyrimidines, the drug replaces one of the building blocks of nucleic acids, in this case cytidine, during DNA replication. The process arrests tumor growth, as new nucleosides cannot be attached to the "faulty" nucleoside, resulting in apoptosis (cellular "suicide").Gemcitabine is used in various carcinomas: non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer and breast cancer. It is being investigated for use in oesophageal cancer, and is used experimentally in lymphomas and various other tumor types.	Gemcitabine Metabolism Pathway,Gemcitabine Action Pathway	
DB00442	Entecavir	approved,investigational	Entecavir is an oral antiviral drug used in the treatment of hepatitis B infection. It is marketed under the trade name Baraclude (BMS).Entecavir is a guanine analogue that inhibits all three steps in the viral replication process, and the manufacturer claims that it is more efficacious than previous agents used to treat hepatitis B (lamivudine and adefovir). It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2005.		
DB00443	Betamethasone	approved,vet_approved	Betamethasone is a long-acting corticosteroid with immunosuppressive and antiinflammatory properties.[A192444] It can be used topically to manage inflammatory skin conditions such as eczema, and parenterally to manage several disease states including autoimmune disorders.[A192444] Betamethasone has potent glucocorticoid activity and negligible mineralocorticoid activity.[A192444]		
DB00444	Teniposide	approved	Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin that exhibits antitumor activity. Teniposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent cells from entering into the mitotic phase of the cell cycle, and lead to cell death. Teniposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cycle.	Teniposide Action Pathway,Teniposide Metabolism Pathway	
DB00445	Epirubicin	approved	An anthracycline which is the 4&#39;-epi-isomer of doxorubicin. The compound exerts its antitumor effects by interference with the synthesis and function of DNA.		
DB00446	Chloramphenicol	approved,vet_approved	An antibiotic first isolated from cultures of _Streptomyces venequelae_ in 1947 but now produced synthetically. It has a relatively simple structure and was the first broad-spectrum antibiotic to be discovered. It acts by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis and is mainly bacteriostatic. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p106)	Chloramphenicol Action Pathway	
DB00447	Loracarbef	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.		
DB00448	Lansoprazole	approved,investigational	Lansoprazole marketed under the brand Prevacid, is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) and is structurally classified as a substituted benzimidazole.[A177065] It reduces gastric acid secretion by targeting gastric H,K-ATPase pumps and is thus effective at promoting healing in ulcerative diseases, and treating gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) along with other pathologies caused by excessive acid secretion.[A177053]	Lansoprazole Metabolism Pathway,Lansoprazole Action Pathway	
DB00449	Dipivefrin	approved	Dipivefrin is a prodrug of adrenaline, which is used to treat glaucoma. It is available as ophthalmic solution (eye drops).		
DB00450	Droperidol	approved,vet_approved	A butyrophenone with general properties similar to those of haloperidol. It is used in conjunction with an opioid analgesic such as fentanyl to maintain the patient in a calm state of neuroleptanalgesia with indifference to surroundings but still able to cooperate with the surgeon. It is also used as a premedicant, as an antiemetic, and for the control of agitation in acute psychoses. (From Martindale, The Extra  Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p593)		
DB00451	Levothyroxine	approved	Levothyroxine is a synthetically produced form of thyroxine, a major endogenous hormone secreted by the thyroid gland.[F4633] Also known as L-thyroxine or the brand name product Synthroid, levothyroxine is used primarily to treat hypothyroidism, a condition where the thyroid gland is no longer able to produce sufficient quantities of the thyroid hormones T<sub>4</sub> (tetraiodothyronine or thyroxine) and T<sub>3</sub> (triiodothyronine or [DB00279]), resulting in diminished down-stream effects of these hormones. Without sufficient quantities of circulating thyroid hormones, symptoms of hypothyroidism begin to develop such as fatigue, increased heart rate, depression[A179620], dry skin and hair, muscle cramps, constipation, weight gain, memory impairment, and poor tolerance to cold temperatures.[F4636,A35722]In response to Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) release by the pituitary gland, a normally functioning thyroid gland will produce and secrete T<sub>4</sub>, which is then converted through deiodination (by type I or type II 5′-deiodinases)[A179941] into its active metabolite T<sub>3</sub>. While T<sub>4</sub> is the major product secreted by the thyroid gland,  T<sub>3</sub> exerts the majority of the physiological effects of the thyroid hormones; T<sub>4</sub> and T<sub>3</sub> have a relative potency of ~1:4 (T4:T3).[F4633] T<sub>4</sub> and T<sub>3</sub> act on nearly every cell of the body, but have a particularly strong effect on the cardiac system.[A179935] As a result, many cardiac functions including heart rate, cardiac output, and systemic vascular resistance are closely linked to thyroid status.[A179938]Prior to the development of levothyroxine, [DB09100] or desiccated thyroid, used to be the mainstay of treatment for hypothyroidism. However, this is no longer recommended for the majority of patients due to several clinical concerns including limited controlled trials supporting its use. Desiccated thyroid products contain a ratio of T4 to T3 of 4.2:1, which is significantly lower than the 14:1 ratio of secretion by the human thyroid gland. This higher proportion of T3 in desiccated thyroid products can lead to supraphysiologic levels of T3 which may put patients at risk of thyrotoxicosis if thyroid extract therapy is not adjusted according to the serum TSH.[A35722, F4636]	Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB00452	Framycetin	approved	A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)	Neomycin Action Pathway	
DB00453	Clomocycline	experimental	Clomocycline is a tetracycline used to treat bacterial infections.	Clomocycline Action Pathway	
DB00454	Meperidine	approved	A narcotic analgesic that can be used for the relief of most types of moderate to severe pain, including postoperative pain and the pain of labor. Prolonged use may lead to dependence of the morphine type; withdrawal symptoms appear more rapidly than with morphine and are of shorter duration.		
DB00455	Loratadine	approved,investigational	Loratadine is a second generation antihistamine used to manage symptoms of allergic rhinitis.[A176435] A lack of sedative and CNS adverse effects make loratadine, along with other second generation antihistamines, preferable over their 1st generation counterparts in many clinical situations.[A176441]	Loratadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00456	Cefalotin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Cefalotin is a cephalosporin antibiotic.		
DB00457	Prazosin	approved	Prazosin, also known as _Minipress_, is a drug used to treat hypertension.  Prazosin is marketed by _Pfizer_ and was initially approved by the FDA in 1988 [L5828].  It belongs to the class of drugs known as alpha-1 antagonists [FDA label], [A176630].  Recently, many studies have evaluated the benefits of this drug in controlling the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and associated nightmares [A176618, A176621, A176624].		
DB00458	Imipramine	approved	Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H<sub>1</sub> receptors, &alpha;<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [A6584]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [L1349,L1348,A31900,L1351,L1352,L1353,A31904].	Imipramine Action Pathway,Imipramine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00459	Acitretin	approved	An oral retinoid effective in the treatment of psoriasis. It is the major metabolite of etretinate with the advantage of a much shorter half-life when compared with etretinate.		
DB00460	Verteporfin	approved,investigational	Verteporfin, marketed as Visudyne, is a benzoporphyrin derivative. It is used as a photosensitizer in photodynamic therapy to eliminate abnormal blood vessels in wet form macular degeneration. Verteporfin accumulates in these abnormal blood vessels and, when stimulated by nonthermal red light with a wavelength of 693 nm in the presence of oxygen, produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to the endothelium and blockage of the vessels.		
DB00461	Nabumetone	approved	Nabumetone was originally developed as a non-acidic non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID).[label] It was thought to avoid trapping of the drug in the stomach by making it unable to dissociate into ions which was believed to reduce GI toxicity by limiting local action.[A179077] While slightly reduced, possibly due to a degree of cyclooxygenase-2 selectivity (COX-2), nabumetone still produces significant adverse effects in the GI tract.[label,A178903] The molecule itself is a pro-drug with its 6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid (6-MNA) metabolite acting as a potent COX inhibitor similar in structure to [naproxen]. Nabumetone was developed by Smithkline Beecham under the trade name Relafen and first received FDA approval in December, 1991.[L6568]	Nabumetone Action Pathway	
DB00462	Methscopolamine bromide	approved	A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors.		
DB00463	Metharbital	withdrawn	Metharbital is a barbiturate anticonvulsant, similar to phenobarbital, marketed as Gemonil by Abbott Laboratories. It was patented in 1905 by Emil Fischer of Merck.		
DB00464	Sodium tetradecyl sulfate	approved,investigational	An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins.		
DB00465	Ketorolac	approved	Ketorolac is a Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and is commercially available as an oral tablet, injectable, nasal spray and as an ophthalmic solution.[L6358][L6508][L11055][L3674][L11070] It's analgesic properties make it a useful pain management tool across many settings including postoperative pain, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, menstrual disorders, headaches, spinal and soft tissue pain, and ankylosing spondylitis.[L6520] Impressively, ketorolac has a similar efficacy to standard doses of morphine and meperidine making it a useful opioid sparing agent.[L6511]	Ketorolac Action Pathway	
DB00466	Picrotoxin	experimental	A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]		
DB00467	Enoxacin	approved,investigational	A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid.		
DB00468	Quinine	approved	An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood.		
DB00469	Tenoxicam	approved	Tenoxicam, an antiinflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties, is used to treat osteoarthritis and control acute pain.	Tenoxicam Action Pathway	
DB00470	Dronabinol	approved,illicit	Dronabinol (marketed as Marinol) is a synthetic form of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ⁹-THC), the primary psychoactive component of cannabis (marijuana). THC demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity at Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors, which results in the well-known effects of smoking cannabis such as increased appetite, reduced pain, and changes in emotional and cognitive processes. Due to its evidence as an appetite stimulant and an anti-nauseant, Dronabinol is approved for use in anorexia associated with weight loss in patients with AIDS and for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments [FDA Label].Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are the two most abundant cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which are pharmacologically active due to their interaction with cannabinoid receptors that are found throughout the body [A32830]. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. If not provided in their activated form (such as through synthetic forms like Dronabinol or [DB00486]), THC and CBD are obtained through conversion from their precursors, tetrahydrocannabinolic acid-A (THCA-A) and cannabidiolic acid (CBDA), through decarboxylation reactions. This can be achieved through heating, smoking, vaporization, or baking of dried unfertilized female cannabis flowers.From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered cannabinoids, a class of compounds that act upon endogenous cannabinoid receptors of the body [A32584]. The endocannabinoid system is widely distributed throughout the central and peripheral nervous system (via the Cannabinoid Receptors CB1 and CB2) and plays a role in many physiological processes such as inflammation, cardiovascular function, learning, pain, memory, stress and emotional regulation, and the sleep/wake cycle among many others [A32824]. CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous system, and are most abundant in the hippocampus and amygdala, which are the areas of the brain responsible for short-term memory storage and emotional regulation. CB2 receptors are mainly located in the peripheral nervous system and can be found on lymphoid tissue where they are involved in regulation of immune function [A32676].		
DB00471	Montelukast	approved	Montelukast was first approved for clinical use by the US FDA in 1998 as Merck's brand name Singulair.[L6301] The medication is a member of the leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) category of drugs.[L6301,L6304,L6307,L6310,L6325,L6328,L6331] Although capable of demonstrating effectiveness, the use of such LTRAs like montelukast is typically in addition to or complementary with the use of inhaled corticosteroids or other agents in asthma step therapy.[A178645] Regardless, in 2008-2009, there were FDA-led investigations into the possibility of montelukast to elicit neuropsychiatric effects like agitation, hallucinations, suicidal behaviour, and others in individuals who used the medication.[A178651] And although these kinds of effects are currently included in the official prescribing information for montelukast,[L6301,L6304,L6307,L6310,L6325,L6328,L6331] the drug still sees extensive use worldwide via millions of prescriptions annually and has since become available as a generic and as a brand name product.		
DB00472	Fluoxetine	approved,vet_approved	Fluoxetine is a 2nd generation antidepressant categorized as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI).[A181673] It gained FDA approval in 1987 and although it was initially intended for the treatment of depression, today it is commonly prescribed to manage depression in addition to various other pathologies.[L7721]	Fluoxetine Metabolism Pathway,Fluoxetine Action Pathway	
DB00473	Hexylcaine	approved,withdrawn	Hexylcaine hydrochloride is also known as cyclaine and osmocaine. It is a short acting local anesthetic that acts through inhibition of sodium channels. Patients experience an overdose may present with headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market.		
DB00474	Methohexital	approved	An intravenous anesthetic with a short duration of action that may be used for induction of anesthesia.		
DB00475	Chlordiazepoxide	approved,illicit,investigational	An anxiolytic benzodiazepine derivative with anticonvulsant, sedative, and amnesic properties. It has also been used in the symptomatic treatment of alcohol withdrawal.		
DB00476	Duloxetine	approved	Duloxetine is a dual serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.[label] It was originally discovered in 1993 and developed by Eli Lilly and Company as LY248686.[A178741] Duloxetine first received approval from the FDA in August, 2004 as Cymbalta for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder.[L6454] It has since received approval for a variety of indications including the treatment of neuropathic pain, Generalized Anxiety disorder, osteoarthritis, and stress incontinence. Duloxetine continues to be investigated for the treatment of pain in cancer, surgery, and more.		
DB00477	Chlorpromazine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.		
DB00478	Rimantadine	approved,investigational	An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza.		
DB00479	Amikacin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic that is derived from kanamycin A.[FDA label] Amikacin is synthesized by acylation with the l-(-)-γ-amino-α-hydroxybutyryl side chain at the C-1 amino group of the deoxystreptamine moiety of kanamycin A.[A39531]Amikacin's unique property is that it exerts activity against more resistant gram-negative bacilli such as Acinetobacter baumanii and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Amikacin also exerts excellent activity against most aerobic gram-negative bacilli from the Enterobacteriaceae family, including Nocardia and some Mycobacterium (M. avium-intracellulare, M. chelonae, and M. fortuitum)[L4680]. M. avium-intracellulare (MAC) is a type of nontuberculous mycobacteria (NTM) found in water and soil. Symptoms of this disease include a persistent cough, fatigue, weight loss, night sweats, and shortness of breath and the coughing up of blood.[L4680]Several forms of amikacin are used currently, including an intravenous (IV) or intramuscular (IM) injection.[F1949] In September 2018, a liposomal inhalation suspension of this drug was approved by the FDA for the treatment of lung disease caused by Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteria in a small population of patients with the disease who do not respond to traditional treatment.[L4680,L4681]	Amikacin Action Pathway	
DB00480	Lenalidomide	approved	Lenalidomide (initially known as CC-5013 and marketed as Revlimid® by Celgene) is a derivative of thalidomide introduced in 2004. It was initially intended as a treatment for multiple myeloma, for which thalidomide is an accepted therapeutic modality, but has also shown efficacy in the hematological disorders known as the myelodysplastic syndromes. FDA approved on December 27, 2005.		
DB00481	Raloxifene	approved,investigational	Raloxifene is a second generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that mediates anti-estrogenic effects on breast and uterine tissues, and estrogenic effects on bone, lipid metabolism, and blood coagulation.[A4979,T28] Exhibiting tissue-specific effects distinct from [estradiol], raloxifene is the first of the benzothiophene group of antiestrogens to be labelled a SERM.[A4977] Available in many countries worldwide, raloxifene was initially approved by the FDA in December, 1997 under the market name Evista® for the management and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women and reduction in risk for invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis or those who are at high risk for invasive breast cancer. However, it has a negligible effect on altering the development and progression of breast cancer itself.[label] The most common causes of osteoporosis include postmenopausal deficiency of estrogen and age-related deterioration in bone homeostasis. Due to the risk of bone fractures that may lead to morbidities and reduced quality of life, the management of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women with the use of therapeutic agents in addition to concurrent therapies is critical. Due to the decline in estrogen levels in postmenopausal osteoporosis, hormone replacement therapy (HRT), such as estradiol, has been used to ameliorate the condition. However, due to the off-target actions by HRT, newer non-hormonal agents such as raloxifene and [tamoxifen] have been developed to reduce adverse events through selective pharmacological actions on tissue-specific therapeutic targets.[T28]The main effects of raloxifene are to preserve the bone mineral density and decrease the risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women. Compared to estrogen and tamoxifen, raloxifene was not associated with an increased risk of uterine cancer and it does not cause endometrial proliferation.[A716] Although rare, there was an increased risk of venous thromboembolism during clinical trials of postmenopausal women receiving raloxifene. In addition, a clinical study consisting of postmenopausal women with documented coronary heart disease or at increased risk for coronary events showed an increased risk for fatal stroke with raloxifene therapy compared to placebo.[label] It is strongly advised that the risk-benefit ratio is considered before starting raloxifene therapy in women at risk of thromboembolic disease or strokes, such as the prior history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, atrial fibrillation, hypertension, or cigarette smoking.[label]		
DB00482	Celecoxib	approved,investigational	Celecoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which is known for its decreased risk of causing gastrointestinal bleeding compared to other NSAIDS.[A181544] It is used to manage symptoms of various types of arthritis pain and in familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) to reduce precancerous polyps in the colon.[A181532] It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex, and was initially granted FDA approval in 1998.[L7604] Interestingly, selective COX-2 inhibitors (especially celecoxib), have been evaluated as potential cancer chemopreventive and therapeutic drugs in clinical trials for a variety of malignancies.[A34124]	Celecoxib Action Pathway,Celecoxib Metabolism Pathway	
DB00483	Gallamine triethiodide	approved	A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of gallamine triethiodide are similar to those of tubocurarine, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased cardiac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198)		
DB00484	Brimonidine	approved	Brimonidine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist and 2-imidazoline derivative that was first introduced in 1996.[A178951] It is considered to be a third generation alpha-2 aadrenergic receptor agonist, since it displays preferential binding at alpha-2 adrenoceptors over alpha-1 receptors.[A179002] Brimonidine displays a higher selectivity toward the alpha-2 adrenergic receptors than [clonidine] or [apraclonidine], which are also alpha-2 adrenergic agonists.[A178969] Alpha-2 adrenergic agonists are members of the ocular hypotensive agent drug class that are used in the chronic treatment of glaucoma. Early treatment and management of glaucoma, which predominantly involves the lowering of intraocular pressure, is critical since glaucoma is considered to be a common cause of blindness worldwide.[A178948,A178969] Ophthalmically, brimonidine is used to lower intraocular pressure by reducing aqueous humor production and increasing uveoscleral outflow. Because it is oxidately stable, brimonidine is associated with fewer reports of ocular allergic reactions compared to other alpha-2 adrenergic agonists.[A178969] The ophthalmic solution of brimonidine was first approved by the FDA in 1996 as Alphagan [label] and brimonidine is the only selective alpha-adrenergic receptor agonist approved for chronic treatment in glaucoma.[A36674] Brimonidine is also found in ophthalmic solutions in combination with [brinzolamide] under the market name Simbrinza for the reduction in intraocular pressure. Unlike nonselective beta-blockers used in ocular hypertension, brimonidine is not associated with significantly adverse cardiopulmonary side effects.[A178945] Thus brimonidine is an effective and safe alternative to beta-blockers, in patients with, or at high risk for, cardiopulmonary disease.[A178948] The topical form of brimonidine was approved by the FDA in August 2013 for the symptomatic treatment of persistent facial erythema of rosacea in adults. It is marketed under the brand name Mirvaso.[L6535] Brimonidine is the first topical treatment approved for facial erythema of rosacea.[A178978]		
DB00485	Dicloxacillin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	One of the penicillins which is resistant to penicillinase.		
DB00486	Nabilone	approved,investigational	Nabilone (marketed as Cesamet) is a synthetic form of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ⁹-THC), the primary psychoactive component of cannabis (marijuana). Although structurally distinct from THC, nabilone mimics THC's structure and pharmacological activity through weak partial agonist activity at Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors, however it is considered to be twice as active as Δ⁹-THC. Nabilone is approved by the FDA for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments [FDA Label].Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are the two most abundant cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which are pharmacologically active due to their interaction with cannabinoid receptors that are found throughout the body [A32830]. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. If not provided in their activated form (such as through synthetic forms like Nabilone or [DB00470]), THC and CBD are obtained through conversion from their precursors, tetrahydrocannabinolic acid-A (THCA-A) and cannabidiolic acid (CBDA), through decarboxylation reactions. This can be achieved through heating, smoking, vaporization, or baking of dried unfertilized female cannabis flowers.From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered cannabinoids, a class of compounds that act upon endogenous cannabinoid receptors of the body [A32584]. The endocannabinoid system is widely distributed throughout the central and peripheral nervous system (via the Cannabinoid Receptors CB1 and CB2) and plays a role in many physiological processes such as inflammation, cardiovascular function, learning, pain, memory, stress and emotional regulation, and the sleep/wake cycle among many others [A32824]. CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous system, and are most abundant in the hippocampus and amygdala, which are the areas of the brain responsible for short-term memory storage and emotional regulation. CB2 receptors are mainly located in the peripheral nervous system and can be found on lymphoid tissue where they are involved in regulation of immune function [A32676].In Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom and Mexico, nabilone is marketed as Cesamet. It was approved in 1985 by the United States FDA for treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting that has not responded to conventional antiemetics. Though it was approved by the FDA in 1985, the drug only began marketing in the United States in 2006. It is also approved for use in treatment of anorexia and weight loss in patients with AIDS.Nabilone is a racemate consisting of the (S,S) and the (R,R) isomers.		
DB00487	Pefloxacin	approved	A synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent active against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria.		
DB00488	Altretamine	approved	An alkylating agent proposed as an antineoplastic. It also acts as a chemosterilant for male houseflies and other insects.		
DB00489	Sotalol	approved	Sotalol is a methanesulfonanilide developed in 1960.[A178579] It was the first of the class III anti arrhythmic drugs.[A178579] Sotalol was first approved as an oral tablet on 30 October 1992.[L6334] A racemic mixture of sotalol is currently formulated as a tablet, oral solution, and intravenous injection indicated for life threatening ventricular arrhythmias and maintaining normal sinus rhythm in atrial fibrillation or flutter.[Label,L6373,L6376]	Sotalol Action Pathway	
DB00490	Buspirone	approved,investigational	Buspirone is a novel anxiolytic agent with a unique structure and a pharmacological profile. Belonging to the azaspirodecanedione drug class,[A180991] buspirone is a serotonin 5-HT<sub>1A</sub> receptor agonist that is not chemically or pharmacologically related to benzodiazepines, barbiturates, and other sedative/anxiolytic drugs.[L4478] Unlike many drugs used to treat anxiety, buspirone does not exhibit anticonvulsant, sedative, hypnotic, and muscle-relaxant properties. Due to these characteristics, buspirone been termed 'anxioselective'.[A180985] First synthesized in 1968 then patented in 1975,[L7375] it is commonly marketed under the brand name Buspar®. Buspirone was first approved in 1986 by the FDA [A181751] and has been used to treat anxiety disorders, such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), and relieve symptoms of anxiety. It has also been used as a second-line therapy for unipolar depression when the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is deemed clinically inadequate or inappropriate.[L7375] The potential use of buspirone in combination with [melatonin] in depression and cognitive impairment via promoting neurogenesis has also been investigated.[A181751]		
DB00491	Miglitol	approved	Miglitol inhibits the breakdown complex carbohydrates into glucose. It is primarily used in diabetes mellitus type 2 for establishing greater glycemic control by preventing the digestion of carbohydrates (such as disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides) into monosaccharides which can be absorbed by the body.Miglitol should be taken at the start of a meal for maximal effect and the effect will depend on the amount of poly and oligosaccharides in the diet. Miglitol inhibits alpha-glucosidase, making less sugars available for digestion and reducing postprandial hyperglycemia.Unlike other drugs of the same class, miglitol is not metabolized and the unmetabolized drug is excreted by the kidneys.		
DB00492	Fosinopril	approved	Fosinopril is a phosphinic acid-containing ester prodrug that belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is rapidly hydrolyzed to fosinoprilat, its principle active metabolite. Fosinoprilat inhibits ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Fosinopril may be used to treat mild to moderate hypertension, as an adjunct in the treatment of congestive heart failure, and to slow the rate of progression of renal disease in hypertensive individuals with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Fosinopril Action Pathway,Fosinopril Metabolism Pathway	
DB00493	Cefotaxime	approved	Cefotaxime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to ceftriaxone in terms of safety and efficacy. Cefotaxime sodium is marketed under various trade names including Claforan (Sanofi-Aventis).		
DB00494	Entacapone	approved,investigational	Entacapone is a selective, reversible catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitor for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It is a member of the class of nitrocatechols. When administered concomittantly with levodopa and a decarboxylase inhibitor (e.g., carbidopa), increased and more sustained plasma levodopa concentrations are reached as compared to the administration of levodopa and a decarboxylase inhibitor.		
DB00495	Zidovudine	approved	A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3&#39;-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by an azido group. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chains. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA during reverse transcription. It improves immunologic function, partially reverses the HIV-induced neurological dysfunction, and improves certain other clinical abnormalities associated with AIDS. Its principal toxic effect is dose-dependent suppression of bone marrow, resulting in anemia and leukopenia. [PubChem]	Zidovudine Action Pathway	
DB00496	Darifenacin	approved,investigational	Darifenacin (Enablex®, Novartis) is a medication used to treat urinary incontinence.Darifenacin blocks M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptors, which mediate bladder muscle contractions. This block reduces the urgency to urinate and so it should not be used in people with urinary retention.It is unknown if M3 receptor selectivity is clinically advantageous in overactive bladder syndrome treatments.		
DB00497	Oxycodone	approved,illicit,investigational	Oxycodone is a semisynthetic opioid analgesic derived from thebaine in Germany in 1917.[A178696] It is currently indicated as an immediate release product for moderate to severe pain and as an extended release product for chronic moderate to severe pain requiring continuous opioid analgesics for an extended period.[Label] The first oxycodone containing product, Percodan, was approved by the FDA on April 12, 1950.[L6460]	Oxycodone Action Pathway	
DB00498	Phenindione	approved,investigational	An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to warfarin, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p234)	Phenindione Action Pathway	
DB00499	Flutamide	approved,investigational	An antiandrogen with about the same potency as cyproterone in rodent and canine species.		
DB00500	Tolmetin	approved	A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (anti-inflammatory agents, NON-steroidal) similar in mode of action to indomethacin.	Tolmetin Action Pathway	
DB00501	Cimetidine	approved,investigational	A histamine congener, it competitively inhibits histamine binding to histamine H2 receptors. Cimetidine has a range of pharmacological actions. It inhibits gastric acid secretion, as well as pepsin and gastrins output. It also blocks the activity of cytochrome P-450 which might explain proposals for use in neoadjuvant therapy.	Cimetidine Action Pathway,Cimetidine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00502	Haloperidol	approved	Haloperidol is a high potency first-generation (typical) antipsychotic and one of the most frequently used antipsychotic medications used worldwide.[A180616] While haloperidol has demonstrated pharmacologic activity at a number of receptors in the brain,[A27477] it exerts its antipsychotic effect through its strong antagonism of the dopamine receptor (mainly D2), particularly within the mesolimbic and mesocortical systems of the brain. Haloperidol is indicated for the treatment of the manifestations of several psychotic disorders including schizophrenia, acute psychosis, Tourette syndrome, and other severe behavioural states.[F4645] It is also used off-label for the management of chorea associated with Huntington's disease and for the treatment of intractable hiccups as it is a potent antiemetic. Dopamine-antagonizing medications such as haloperidol are though to improve psychotic symptoms and states that are caused by an over-production of dopamine, such as schizophrenia, which is theorized to be caused by a hyperdopaminergic state within the limbic system of the brain.[A34360]Use of the first-generation antipsychotics (including haloperidol) is considered highly effective for the management of the "positive" symptoms of schizophrenia including hallucinations, hearing voices, aggression/hostility, disorganized speech, and psychomotor agitation. However, this class of drugs is also limited by the development of movement disorders induced by dopamine-blockade such as drug-induced parkinsonism, akathisia, dystonia, tardive dyskinesia, as well as other side effects including sedation, weight gain, and prolactin changes. While there are limited high-quality studies comparing haloperidol to lower-potency first-generation antipsychotics such as [DB00477], [DB01624], [DB00623], and [DB01403], haloperidol typically demonstrates the least amount of side effects within this class, but demonstrates a stronger disposition for causing extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS).[A180613, A180616, A180625] These other low‐potency antipsychotics are limited by their lower affinity for dopamine receptors, which requires a higher dose to effectively treat symptoms of schizophrenia. In addition, they block many receptors other than the primary target (dopamine receptors), such as cholinergic or histaminergic receptors, resulting in a higher incidence of side effects such as sedation, weight gain, and hypotension.Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic _CYP2D6_ activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations.[A32346]First-generation antipsychotic drugs have largely been replaced with second- and third-generation (atypical) antipsychotics such as [DB00734], [DB00334], [DB00363], [DB01224], [DB01238], and [DB00246]. However, haloperidol use remains widespread and is considered the benchmark for comparison in trials of the newer generation antipsychotics.[A180625]The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s.[A180610]		
DB00503	Ritonavir	approved,investigational	Ritonavir is an HIV protease inhibitor that interferes with the reproductive cycle of HIV. Although it was initially developed as an independent antiviral agent, it has been shown to possess advantageous properties in combination regimens with low-dose ritonavir and other protease inhibitors. It is now more commonly used as a booster of other protease inhibitors and is available in both liquid formulation and as capsules. While ritonavir is not an active antiviral agent against hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection, it is added in combination therapies indicated for treatment of HCV infections as a booster. Ritonavir is a potent CYP3A inhibitor that increases peak and trough plasma drug concentrations of other protease inhibitors such as [DB09297] and overall drug exposure. American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) guidelines recommend ritonavir-boosted combination therapies as a first-line therapy for HCV Genotype 1a/b and 4 treatment-naïve patients with or without cirrhosis. Ritonavir is found in a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB09297] as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Ritonavir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296] and [DB09297] as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, ritonavir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB09297] as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis. Inclusion of ritonavir can can select for HIV-1 protease inhibitor resistance-associated substitutions. Any HCV/HIV-1 co-infected patients treated with ritonavir-containing combination therapies should also be on a suppressive antiretroviral drug regimen to reduce the risk of HIV-1 protease inhibitor drug resistance.		
DB00504	Levallorphan	approved	An opioid antagonist with properties similar to those of naloxone; in addition it also possesses some agonist properties. It should be used cautiously; levallorphan reverses severe opioid-induced respiratory depression but may exacerbate respiratory depression such as that induced by alcohol or other non-opioid central depressants. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p683)	Levallorphan Action Pathway	
DB00505	Tridihexethyl	withdrawn	Tridihexethyl is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. Tridihexethyl is an antimuscarinic, anticholinergic drug. Tridihexethyl is no longer available in the US market.		
DB00507	Nitazoxanide	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as _thiazolides_.  Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [A31976].  Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [A31977].		
DB00508	Triflupromazine	approved,vet_approved	A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic.		
DB00509	Dextrothyroxine	approved,investigational	The major hormone derived from the thyroid gland. Thyroxine is synthesized via the iodination of tyrosines (monoiodotyrosine) and the coupling of iodotyrosines (diiodotyrosine) in the thyroglobulin. Thyroxine is released from thyroglobulin by proteolysis and secreted into the blood. Thyroxine is peripherally deiodinated to form triiodothyronine which exerts a broad spectrum of stimulatory effects on cell metabolism.		
DB00511	Acetyldigitoxin	approved	Cardioactive derivative of lanatoside A or of digitoxin used for fast digitalization in congestive heart failure.		
DB00512	Vancomycin	approved	Antibacterial obtained from Streptomyces orientalis. It is a glycopeptide related to ristocetin that inhibits bacterial cell wall assembly and is toxic to kidneys and the inner ear.As of January 29 2018, CutisPharma's Firvanq is the only FDA approved vancomycin oral liquid treatment option available for the the treatment of _Clostridium difficile_ associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by _Staphylococcus aureus_, including methicillin-resistant strains [LP1196]. Such an oral liquid formulation is expected to make _Clostridium difficile_ associated diarrhea therapy more accessible in comparison to previously available specialty compounding products [LP1196].		
DB00513	Aminocaproic acid	approved,investigational	An antifibrinolytic agent that acts by inhibiting plasminogen activators which have fibrinolytic properties.	Aminocaproic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00514	Dextromethorphan	approved	Dextromethorphan is a levorphanol derivative and codeine analog commonly used as a cough suppressant and also a drug of abuse.[A215412] Although similar in structure to other opioids, it has minimal interaction with opioid receptors.[A215412]Dextromethorphan was granted FDA approval before 3 December 1957.[A215412,L14997]		
DB00515	Cisplatin	approved	Cisplatin, cisplatinum or cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) (CDDP) is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug used to treat various types of cancers, including sarcomas, some carcinomas (e.g. small cell lung cancer, and ovarian cancer), lymphomas and germ cell tumors. It was the first member of its class, which now also includes carboplatin and oxaliplatin.		
DB00516	Bentoquatam	approved	Bentoquatam is a topical medication intended to act as a shield against exposure to the irritating substance urushiol, found in plants such as poison ivy or poison oak. Bentoquatam contains bentonite, a clay, and is only effective as long as the film is visible on the skin.		
DB00517	Anisotropine methylbromide	approved	Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.		
DB00518	Albendazole	approved,vet_approved	A benzimidazole broad-spectrum anthelmintic structurally related to mebendazole that is effective against many diseases. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p38)		
DB00519	Trandolapril	approved	Trandolapril is a non-sulhydryl prodrug that belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is metabolized to its biologically active diacid form, trandolaprilat, in the liver. Trandolaprilat inhibits ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Trandolapril may be used to treat mild to moderate hypertension, to improve survival following myocardial infarction in clinically stable patients with left ventricular dysfunction, as an adjunct treatment for congestive heart failure, and to slow the rate of progression of renal disease in hypertensive individuals with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy.	Trandolapril Action Pathway,Trandolapril Metabolism Pathway	
DB00520	Caspofungin	approved	Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug and the first member of a new drug class called the echinocandins, as coined by Merck & Co., Inc. It is typically administered intravenously. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting β(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall.		
DB00521	Carteolol	approved	A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent.	Carteolol Action Pathway	
DB00522	Bentiromide	investigational,withdrawn	Bentiromide is a dipeptide that is used in the bentiromide test, which is a screening test for evaluating pancreatic exocrine function and monitoring the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy. It is typically administered orally. Cases of headache and gastrointestinal disturbances have been reported with the use of bentiromide. Bentiromide is currently not available in the U.S. or Canada.		
DB00523	Alitretinoin	approved,investigational	An important regulator of gene expression during growth and development, and in neoplasms. Tretinoin, also known as retinoic acid and derived from maternal vitamin A, is essential for normal growth; and embryonic development. An excess of tretinoin can be teratogenic. It is used in the treatment of psoriasis; acne vulgaris; and several other skin diseases. It has also been approved for use in promyelocytic leukemia (leukemia, promyelocytic, acute).	Retinol Metabolism,Vitamin A Deficiency	
DB00524	Metolazone	approved	A quinazoline-sulfonamide that is considered a thiazide-like diuretic which is long-acting so useful in chronic renal failure. It also tends to lower blood pressure and increase potassium loss.	Metolazone Action Pathway	
DB00525	Tolnaftate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.		
DB00526	Oxaliplatin	approved,investigational	Oxaliplatin is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug in the same family as cisplatin and carboplatin. It is typically administered in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin in a combination known as Folfox for the treatment of colorectal cancer. Compared to cisplatin the two amine groups are replaced by cyclohexyldiamine for improved antitumour activity. The chlorine ligands are replaced by the oxalato bidentate derived from oxalic acid in order to improve water solubility. Oxaliplatin is marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the trademark Eloxatin&reg;.		
DB00527	Cinchocaine	approved,vet_approved	A local anesthetic of the amide type now generally used for surface anesthesia. It is one of the most potent and toxic of the long-acting local anesthetics and its parenteral use is restricted to spinal anesthesia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1006)	Dibucaine Action Pathway	
DB00528	Lercanidipine	approved,investigational	Lercanidipine is a calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine class. It is sold under various commercial names including Zanidip.		
DB00529	Foscarnet	approved	An antiviral agent used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis. Foscarnet also shows activity against human herpes viruses and HIV.		
DB00530	Erlotinib	approved,investigational	Erlotinib is an inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase that is used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer and several other types of cancer. It is typically marketed under the trade name Tarceva. Erlotinib binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase in a reversible fashion at the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding site of the receptor. Recent studies demonstrate that erlotinib is also a potent inhibitor of JAK2V617F, which is a mutant form of tyrosine kinase JAK2 found in most patients with polycythemia vera (PV) and a substantial proportion of patients with idiopathic myelofibrosis or essential thrombocythemia. This finding introduces the potential use of erlotinib in the treatment of JAK2V617F-positive PV and other myeloproliferative disorders.	Erlotinib Action Pathway	
DB00531	Cyclophosphamide	approved,investigational	Precursor of an alkylating nitrogen mustard antineoplastic and immunosuppressive agent that must be activated in the liver to form the active aldophosphamide. It has been used in the treatment of lymphoma and leukemia. Its side effect, alopecia, has been used for defleecing sheep. Cyclophosphamide may also cause sterility, birth defects, mutations, and cancer.	Cyclophosphamide Action Pathway,Cyclophosphamide Metabolism Pathway	
DB00532	Mephenytoin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants.		
DB00533	Rofecoxib	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Rofecoxib is used for the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain in adults, and primary dysmenorrhea, as well as acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without auras. Rofecoxib is a solid. This compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Rofecoxib has a half-life of 17 hours and its mean oral bioavailability at therapeutically recommended doses of 125, 25, and 50 mg is approximately 93%. The proteins that rofecoxib target include elastin and prostaglandin G/H synthase 2. Cytochrome P450 1A2, Cytochrome P450 3A4, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2C8, and Prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 are known to metabolize rofecoxib. On September 30, 2004, Merck voluntarily withdrew rofecoxib from the market because of concerns about increased risk of heart attack and stroke associated with long-term, high-dosage use.	Rofecoxib Action Pathway	
DB00534	Chlormerodrin	approved,withdrawn	Chlormerodrin is a mercurial compound with toxic side effects that was previously used as a diuretic. The radiolabeled form has been used as a diagnostic and research tool. It is no longer used and has been replaced with new classes of diuretic drugs.		
DB00535	Cefdinir	approved	Cefdinir, also known as Omnicef, is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic belonging to the third generation of the cephalosporin class. It has been proven to be effective for the treatment of common bacterial infections in the ear, sinus, throat, lungs, and skin. Cefdinir was approved by the FDA in 1997 to treat a variety of mild to moderate infections and was initially marketed by Abbvie.[A180739] Because of its chemical structure, it is effective against organisms that are resistant to first-line cephalosporin therapy due to the production of beta-lactamase enzymes.[A180724,A180727]		
DB00536	Guanidine	approved	A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC.		
DB00537	Ciprofloxacin	approved,investigational	Ciprofloxacin is a second generation fluoroquinolone that has spawned many derivative antibiotics.[A178870] It is formulated for oral, intravenous, intratympanic, ophthalmic, and otic administration for a number of bacterial infections.[L6469,L6472,L6475,L6478,L6481,L6484,L6487,L6490,L6493]The first ciprofloxacin containing product was FDA approved on 22 October 1987.[L6463]		
DB00538	Gadoversetamide	approved,investigational	Gadoversetamide, marketed under the trade name OptiMARK, is a gadolinium compound used as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), particularly imaging of the brain, spine and liver.		
DB00539	Toremifene	approved,investigational	A first generation nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is structurally related to tamoxifen. Like tamoxifen, it is an estrogen agonist for bone tissue and cholesterol metabolism but is antagonistic on mammary and uterine tissue.		
DB00540	Nortriptyline	approved	Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the active metabolite of [amitriptyline], is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA).[L11878] It is used in the treatment of major depression and is also used off-label for chronic pain and other conditions.[L11881]		
DB00541	Vincristine	approved,investigational	Vincristine is an antitumor vinca alkaloid isolated from Vinca Rosea. It is marketed under several brand names, many of which have different formulations such as Marqibo (liposomal injection) and Vincasar. Vincristine is indicated for the treatment of acute leukaemia, malignant lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, acute erythraemia, and acute panmyelosis. vincristine sulfate is often chosen as part of polychemotherapy because of lack of significant bone–marrow suppression (at recommended doses) and of unique clinical toxicity (neuropathy).	Vincristine Action Pathway	
DB00542	Benazepril	approved,investigational	Benazepril, brand name Lotensin, is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure[A838,A837]. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active form benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor[A836].	Benazepril Action Pathway,Benazepril Metabolism Pathway	
DB00543	Amoxapine	approved	Amoxapine, the <i>N</i>-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical &beta;-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H<sub>1</sub> receptors, &alpha;<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation.		
DB00544	Fluorouracil	approved	A pyrimidine analog that is an antineoplastic antimetabolite. It interferes with DNA synthesis by blocking the thymidylate synthetase conversion of deoxyuridylic acid to thymidylic acid.	Capecitabine Action Pathway,Fluorouracil Action Pathway,Capecitabine Metabolism Pathway,Fluorouracil Metabolism Pathway	
DB00545	Pyridostigmine	approved,investigational	A cholinesterase inhibitor with a slightly longer duration of action than neostigmine. It is used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the actions of muscle relaxants.		
DB00546	Adinazolam	experimental	Adinazolam (Deracyn®) is a benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, and antidepressant properties. Adinazolam was first developed to enhance the antidepressant effects of [alprazolam]. It has never been approved by the FDA for clinical use.		
DB00547	Desoximetasone	approved	A topical anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid used in dermatoses, skin allergies, psoriasis, etc.		
DB00548	Azelaic acid	approved	Azelaic acid is a saturated dicarboxylic acid found naturally in wheat, rye, and barley. It is also produced by _Malassezia furfur_, also known as _Pityrosporum ovale_, which is a species of fungus that is normally found on human skin. Azelaic acid is effective against a number of skin conditions, such as mild to moderate acne, when applied topically in a cream formulation of 20%. It works in part by stopping the growth of skin bacteria that cause acne, and by keeping skin pores clear. Azelaic acid's antimicrobial action may be attributable to inhibition of microbial cellular protein synthesis.		
DB00549	Zafirlukast	approved,investigational	Zafirlukast is an oral leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) for the maintenance treatment of asthma, often used in conjunction with an inhaled steroid and/or long-acting bronchodilator. It is available as a tablet and is usually dosed twice daily. Another leukotriene receptor antagonist is montelukast (Singulair), which is usually taken just once daily.Zafirlukast blocks the action of the cysteinyl leukotrienes on the CysLT1 receptors, thus reducing constriction of the airways, build-up of mucus in the lungs and inflammation of the breathing passages.		
DB00550	Propylthiouracil	approved,investigational	A thiourea antithyroid agent. Propythiouracil inhibits the synthesis of thyroxine and inhibits the peripheral conversion of throxine to tri-iodothyronine. It is used in the treatment of hyperthyroidism. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopeoia, 30th ed, p534)		
DB00551	Acetohydroxamic acid	approved	Acetohydroxamic Acid, a synthetic drug derived from hydroxylamine and ethyl acetate, is similar in structure to urea. In the urine, it acts as an antagonist of the bacterial enzyme urease. Acetohydroxamic Acid has no direct antimicrobial action and does not acidify urine directly. It is used, in addition to antibiotics or medical procedures, to treat chronic urea-splitting urinary infections.		
DB00552	Pentostatin	approved,investigational	A potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. The drug is effective in the treatment of many lymphoproliferative malignancies, particularly hairy-cell leukemia. It is also synergistic with some other antineoplastic agents and has immunosuppressive activity.		
DB00553	Methoxsalen	approved	A naturally occurring furocoumarin compound found in several species of plants, including Psoralea corylifolia. It is a photoactive substance that forms DNA adducts in the presence of ultraviolet A irradiation.		
DB00554	Piroxicam	approved,investigational	A cyclooxygenase inhibiting, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) that is well established in treating rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis and used for musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and postoperative pain. Its long half-life enables it to be administered once daily.	Piroxicam Action Pathway	
DB00555	Lamotrigine	approved,investigational	Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class. It is used in the treatment of both epilepsy and as a mood stabilizer in bipolar disorder.  Lamotrigine is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I.   It is approved for use in more than 30 countries.[A191350]Lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require laboratory monitoring. While it is indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that lamotrigine could have some clinical efficacy in certain neuropathic pain states.[A849,A850]		
DB00556	Perflutren	approved	Perflutren, a diagnostic drug that is intended to be used for contrast enhancement during the indicated echocardiographic procedures, is comprised of lipid-coated microspheres filled with octafluoropropane(OFP) gas. When exposed to ultrasound waves, the microspheres resonate and "echo" strong signals back to the ultrasound machine. The difference in density between the gas-filled bubbles and the blood around them creates an increased level of contrast visible in the resulting ultrasound image. During echocardiography, activated Perflutren enhances images of the inner edges or borders of the heart, producing an improved image that may enable physicians to better diagnose patients.		
DB00557	Hydroxyzine	approved	Hydroxyzine is a first-generation histamine H<sub>1</sub>-receptor antagonist of the dephenylmethane and piperazine classes that exhibits sedative, anxiolytic, and antiemetic properties.[A1257,A187589] It was first developed in 1955,[A189726] and has since remained a relatively common treatment for allergic conditions such as pruritus, urticaria, dermatoses, and histamine-mediated pruritus.[L9677] The active metabolite of hydroxyzine, [cetirizine], is also available as an active ingredient in allergic medications, and is responsible for much of its hydroxyzine's antihistaminic effect.[A189753] Hydroxyzine is also used for generalized anxiety disorder, tension caused by psychoneurosis, and other conditions with manifestations of anxiety.[L9677]	Hydroxyzine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00558	Zanamivir	approved,investigational	A guanido-neuraminic acid that is used to inhibit neuraminidase.		
DB00559	Bosentan	approved,investigational	Bosentan is a dual endothelin receptor antagonist marketed under the trade name Tracleer by Actelion Pharmaceuticals. Bosentan is used to treat pulmonary hypertension by blocking the action of endothelin molecules that would otherwise promote narrowing of the blood vessels and lead to high blood pressure.		
DB00560	Tigecycline	approved	Tigecycline is a glycylcycline antibiotic developed and marketed by Wyeth under the brand name Tygacil. It was developed in response to the growing prevalence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus. It was granted fast-track approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on June 17, 2005.	Tigecycline Action Pathway	
DB00561	Doxapram	approved,vet_approved	A central respiratory stimulant with a brief duration of action. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p1225)		
DB00562	Benzthiazide	approved	Benzthiazide is used to treat hypertension and edema. Like other thiazides, benzthiazide promotes water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na+/Cl- reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.		
DB00563	Methotrexate	approved	Methotrexate is a folate derivative that inhibits several enzymes responsible for nucleotide synthesis.[A180322] This inhibition leads to suppression of inflammation as well as prevention of cell division.[A180322] Because of these effects, methotrexate is often used to treat inflammation caused by arthritis or to control cell division in neoplastic diseases such as breast cancer and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.[A180322,L7144,L7147,L7150,L7180]Due to the toxic effects of methotrexate, it is indicated for treatment of some forms of arthritis and severe psoriasis only if first line treatment has failed or patients are intolerant of those treatments.[L7180]Methotrexate was granted FDA approval on 7 December 1953.[L7198]	Methotrexate Action Pathway	
DB00564	Carbamazepine	approved,investigational	Carbamazepine, also known as Tegretol, is an anticonvulsant drug and analgesic drug used to control seizures and to treat pain resulting from trigeminal neuralgia. It was initially approved by the FDA in 1965.[A180301] Aside from the above uses, this drug is also given to control the symptoms of bipolar 1.[L1335] Interestingly, carbamazepine was the first anticonvulsant used to treat individuals with bipolar disorder.[A180319]	Carbamazepine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00565	Cisatracurium	approved	Cisatracurium is a nondepolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant for intravenous administration. Cisatracurium acts on cholinergic receptors, blocking neuromuscular transmission. This action is antagonized by acetylcholinesterase inhibitors such as neostigmine. The neuromuscular block produced by cisatracurium besylate is readily antagonized by anticholinesterase agents once recovery has started. As with other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the more profound the neuromuscular block at the time of reversal, the longer the time required for recovery of neuromuscular function. Compared to other neuromuscular blocking agents, it is intermediate in its onset and duration of action.		
DB00566	Succimer	approved	A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them.		
DB00567	Cephalexin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Cephalexin is the first of the first generation cephalosporins.[A179071,A179074] This antibiotic contains a  beta lactam and a dihydrothiazide.[A179071] Cephalexin is used to treat a number of susceptible bacterial infections through inhibition of cell wall synthesis.[A179083,Label] Cephalexin was approved by the FDA on 4 January 1971.[L6547]		
DB00568	Cinnarizine	approved,investigational	First synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceuticals in 1955, cinnarizine is an anti-histaminic drug mainly used for the control of vestibular disorders and motion sickness. Cinnarizine is a specific calcium channel blocker that primarily works on the central vestibular system to interfere with the signal transmission between vestibular apparatus of the inner ear and the vomiting centre of the hypothalamus. Cinnarizine could be also viewed as a nootropic drug because of its vasorelaxating abilities (due to calcium channel blockage), which happen mostly in brain. Combination use of cinnarizine with other nootropics, such as [piracetam] resulted in enhanced effect of boosting brain oxygen supply.	Cinnarizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00569	Fondaparinux	approved,investigational	Fondaparinux (Arixtra) is a synthetic anticoagulant agent consisting of five monomeric sugar units and a O-methyl group at the reducing end of the molecule. It is structurally similar to polymeric glycosaminoglycan heparin and heparan sulfate (HS) when they are cleaved into monomeric units. The monomeric sequence in heparin and HS is thought to form the high affinity binding site for the natural anti-coagulant factor, antithrombin III (ATIII). Once bound to heparin or HS, the anticoagulant activity of ATIII is potentiated by 1000-fold. Fondaparinux potentiates the neutralizing action of ATIII on activated Factor X 300-fold. Fondaparinux may be used: to prevent venous thromboembolism in patients who have undergone orthopedic surgery of the lower limbs (e.g. hip fracture, hip replacement and knee surgery); to prevent VTE in patients undergoing abdominal surgery who are are at high risk of thromboembolic complications; in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pumonary embolism (PE); in the management of unstable angina (UA) and non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI); and in the management of ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI).	Fondaparinux Action Pathway	
DB00570	Vinblastine	approved	Antitumor alkaloid isolated from Vinca rosea. (Merck, 11th ed.)	Vinblastine Action Pathway	
DB00571	Propranolol	approved,investigational	Propranolol is a racemic mixture of 2 enantiomers where the S(-)-enantiomer has approximately 100 times the binding affinity for beta adrenergic receptors.[L6904] Propranolol is used to treat a number of conditions but most commonly is used for hypertension.[L6901,L6904,L6907] Propranolol was granted FDA approval on 13 November 1967.[L6904]	Propranolol Action Pathway	
DB00572	Atropine	approved,vet_approved	An alkaloid, originally from Atropa belladonna, but found in other plants, mainly solanaceae.		
DB00573	Fenoprofen	approved	An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding.	Fenoprofen Action Pathway	
DB00574	Fenfluramine	approved,illicit,investigational,withdrawn	Dravet syndrome is a pediatric encephalopathy that typically manifests within the first year of life following exposure to elevated temperatures. It is characterized by recurrent pharmacoresistant seizures, which increase in frequency and severity with disease progression. Concomitantly with these seizures, patients typically display delayed development and neurocognitive impairment.[A214694, A214709, A214712, A214715] Fenfluramine is a serotonergic phenethylamine originally used as an appetite suppressant until concerns regarding cardiotoxicity in obese patients lead to its withdrawal from the market in 1997.[A214694, A214718, A11906] Through its ability to modulate neurotransmission, fenfluramine has reemerged as an effective therapy against pharmacoresistant seizures, such as those involved in Dravet syndrome.[A214688, A214691, A214700]Fenfluramine was granted initial FDA approval in 1973 prior to its withdrawal; it was granted a new FDA approval on June 25, 2020, for treatment of Dravet syndrome patients through the restricted FINTEPLA REMS program. It is currently sold under the name FINTEPLA® by Zogenix INC.[L14522]		
DB00575	Clonidine	approved	Clonidine is an imidazole derivate that acts as an agonist of alpha-2 adrenoceptors.[A180559] This activity is useful for the treatment of hypertension, severe pain, and ADHD.[L7237,L7240,L7243,L7246]Clonidine was granted FDA approval on 3 September 1974.[L7237]		
DB00576	Sulfamethizole	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A sulfathiazole antibacterial agent.		
DB00577	Valaciclovir	approved,investigational	Valaciclovir (valacyclovir), also known as _Valtrex_, is an antiviral drug that has been used to manage and treat various herpes infections for more than 2 decades.  It was initially approved by the FDA in 1995 [FDA label] and marketed by GlaxoSmithKline [L5671]. Valacyclovir is the L-valine ester of aciclovir. It is a member of the purine (guanine) nucleoside analog drug class [F3949].  This class of drugs forms an important part of hepatitis, HIV, and cytomegalovirus drug regimens [A175900].One major use of valacyclovir is the treatment of genital herpes episodes or outbreaks. Genital herpes is a frequently diagnosed sexually transmitted disease which currently affects more than 400 million individuals worldwide. It is caused by infection with the herpes simplex virus (HSV). Infection with this virus is lifelong with periodic episodes of reactivation [A175903].		
DB00578	Carbenicillin	approved,investigational	Broad-spectrum semisynthetic penicillin derivative used parenterally. It is susceptible to gastric juice and penicillinase and may damage platelet function.		
DB00579	Mazindol	approved,investigational	Mazindol is a tricyclic anorexigenic agent that is unrelated to and less toxic than [amphetamine], but with some similar side effects. It inhibits uptake of catecholamines and blocks the binding of cocaine to the dopamine uptake transporter. Mazindol is only approved in the United States for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and is not marketed or available in the United States for use in the treatment of obesity.		
DB00580	Valdecoxib	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Valdecoxib was removed from the Canadian, U.S., and E.U. markets in 2005 due to concerns about a possible increased risk of heart attack and stroke.	Valdecoxib Action Pathway	
DB00581	Lactulose	approved	Lactulose is a synthetic disaccharide derivative of lactose that is most commonly used as a laxative agent despite also being formally indicated to serve as an adjunct therapy in treating portal-systemic encephalopathy (PSE).[FDA Label,L6199,L6202] Despite being first synthesized in 1929[A178081], investigations regarding its possible use as a laxative for the treatment of chronic constipation did not occur until the 1960s and its first clinical use for treating PSE was not until 1966.[L6202] Nevertheless, although lactulose received formal FDA approval in 1977 and has since become a readily available generic and brand-name non-prescription medication listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines as one of the most effective and safe medicines employed in a health system[L6205], data regarding its optimal place in therapy is often ambiguous.[L6202]Especially considering the use of lactulose as a laxative is typically only considered after lifestyle and dietary modifications fail and the fact that lactulose therapy cannot be ethically withheld from patients diagnosed with PSE in a placebo study, the substance may just be one of many options available for treating constipation and its efficacy in managing PSE may never be formally confirmed or refuted via clinical investigation.[L6202]		
DB00582	Voriconazole	approved	Voriconazole (Vfend, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.		
DB00583	Levocarnitine	approved,investigational	Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.	Beta Oxidation of Very Long Chain Fatty Acids,Long Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (LCAD),Carnitine Palmitoyl Transferase Deficiency II,Fatty Acid Metabolism,Carnitine Synthesis,Mitochondrial Beta-Oxidation of Long Chain Saturated Fatty Acids,Carnitine Palmitoyl Transferase Deficiency I,Very-Long-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (VLCAD),Trifunctional Protein Deficiency,Oxidation of Branched-Chain Fatty Acids,Ethylmalonic Encephalopathy,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Short-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (SCAD Deficiency),Adrenoleukodystrophy, X-Linked,Carnitine-Acylcarnitine Translocase Deficiency,Medium Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (MCAD)	
DB00584	Enalapril	approved,vet_approved	Enalapril is a prodrug belonging to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor drug class that works on the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, which is responsible for the regulation of blood pressure and fluid and electrolyte homeostasis. Enalapril is an orally-active and long-acting nonsulphydryl antihypertensive agent that suppresses the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system to lower blood pressure. It was developed from a targeted research programmed using molecular modelling.[A18459] Being a prodrug, enalapril is rapidly biotransformed into its active metabolite, [enalaprilat], which is responsible for the pharmacological actions of enalapril. The active metabolite of enalapril competitively inhibits the ACE to hinder the production of angiotensin II, a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system that promotes vasoconstriction and renal reabsorption of sodium ions in the kidneys. Ultimately, enalaprilat works to reduce blood pressure and blood fluid volume.Commonly marketed under the trade name Vasotec, enalapril was first approved by the FDA in 1985 for the management of hypertension, heart failure, and asymptomatic left ventricular dysfunction. It is also found in a combination product containing [hydrochlorothiazide] that is used for the management of hypertension. The active metabolite enalaprilat is also available in oral tablets and intravenous formulations for injection.	Enalapril Metabolism Pathway,Enalapril Action Pathway	
DB00585	Nizatidine	approved	A histamine H2 receptor antagonist with low toxicity that inhibits gastric acid secretion. The drug is used for the treatment of duodenal ulcers.	Nizatidine Action Pathway	
DB00586	Diclofenac	approved,vet_approved	Diclofenac is a phenylacetic acid derivative and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID).[label] NSAIDs inhibit cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 and-2 which are the enzyme responsible for producing prostaglandins (PGs). PGs contribute to inflammation and pain signalling. Diclofenac, like other NSAIDs, is often used as first line therapy for acute and chronic pain and inflammation from a variety of causes. Diclofenac was the product of rational drug design based on the structures of [phenylbutazone], [mefenamic acid], and [indomethacin].[A180796] The addition of two chlorine groups in the ortho position of the phenyl ring locks the ring in maximal torsion which appears to be related to increased potency. It is often used in combination with [misoprostol] to prevent NSAID-induced gastric ulcers. Diclofenac was first approved by the FDA in July 1988 under the trade name Voltaren, marketed by Novartis (previously Ciba-Geigy).[L7360]	Diclofenac Action Pathway	
DB00587	Cinalukast	experimental	Used in the treatment of asthma, cinalukast selectively antagonizes leukotriene D4 (LTD4) at the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor, CysLT1, in the human airway. Cinalukast inhibits the actions of LTD4 at the CysLT1 receptor, preventing airway edema, smooth muscle contraction, and enhanced secretion of thick, viscous mucus.		
DB00588	Fluticasone propionate	approved	Fluticasone propionate is a synthetic glucocorticoid[F4355,F4358][FDA Label]. These drugs are available as inhalers, nasal, sprays, and topical treatments for various inflammatory indications[F4355,F4358][FDA Label]. Fluticasone propionate was first approved in 1990[L5962].		
DB00589	Lisuride	approved,investigational	An ergot derivative that acts as an agonist at dopamine D2 receptors (dopamine agonists). It may also act as an antagonist at dopamine D1 receptors, and as an agonist at some serotonin receptors (serotonin agonists).		
DB00590	Doxazosin	approved	Doxazosin is an alpha-1 antagonist used for the treatment of benign prostatic hypertrophy (BPH) symptoms and hypertension. Other members of this drug class include [Prazosin], [Terazosin], [Tamsulosin], and [Alfuzosin].[A180661]  Because of its long-lasting effects, doxazosin can be administered once a day.[A180649] It is marketed by Pfizer and was initially approved by the FDA in 1990.[L7285]		
DB00591	Fluocinolone acetonide	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Fluocinolone acetonide, with the formula 6-alpha, 9-alpha-difluoro-16-alpha, 17 alpha-acetonide, is a corticosteroid that presents a high lipophilicity.[T357] It has been used extensively in dermatological preparations and it has also been investigated thoroughly for its use in implantable corticosteroid devices.[T358] This type of device containing fluocinolone acetonide was developed by Taro Pharmaceuticals and approved by FDA in May 2016.[L4676]		
DB00592	Piperazine	approved,vet_approved	Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. First used as a solvent for uric acid, the use of piperazine as an anthelmintic agent was first introduced in 1953. Upon entry into the systemic circulation, the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated as an unchanged compound. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful. Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. Piperazine compounds mediate their anthelmintic action by generally paralyzing parasites, allowing the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.		
DB00593	Ethosuximide	approved	An anticonvulsant especially useful in the treatment of absence seizures unaccompanied by other types of seizures.		
DB00594	Amiloride	approved	A pyrazine compound inhibiting sodium reabsorption through sodium channels in renal epithelial cells. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and collecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions. Amiloride is used in conjunction with diuretics to spare potassium loss. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p705)	Amiloride Action Pathway	
DB00595	Oxytetracycline	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A tetracycline analog isolated from the actinomycete streptomyces rimosus and used in a wide variety of clinical conditions.	Oxytetracycline Action Pathway	
DB00596	Ulobetasol	approved	Ulobetasol is a highly potent corticosteroid.[A215597] It is structurally related to [clobetasol].[A215597] Due to its high potency, it is mainly prescribed in the treatment of severe plaque psoriasis and corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.[L15047,L15052,L15102]Ulobetasol was granted FDA approval on 17 December 1990.[L15047]		
DB00597	Gadoteridol	approved,investigational	Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.		
DB00598	Labetalol	approved	Labetalol is a racemic mixture of 2 diastereoisomers where dilevalol, the R,R' stereoisomer, makes up 25% of the mixture.[L7730] Labetalol is formulated as an injection or tablets to treat hypertension.[L7727,L7730]Labetalol was granted FDA approval on 1 August 1984.[L7724]	Labetalol Action Pathway	
DB00599	Thiopental	approved,vet_approved	A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the induction of general anesthesia or for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration. It is also used for hypnosis and for the control of convulsive states. It has been used in neurosurgical patients to reduce increased intracranial pressure. It does not produce any excitation but has poor analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. Small doses have been shown to be anti-analgesic and lower the pain threshold. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p920)		
DB00600	Monobenzone	approved	Monobenzone is the monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone used medically for depigmentation. Monobenzone occurs as a white, almost tasteless crystalline powder, soluble in alcohol and practically insoluble in water. It exerts a depigmenting effect on skin of mammals by increasing the excretion of melanin from the melanocytes. It may also cause destruction of melanocytes and permanent depigmentation.		
DB00601	Linezolid	approved,investigational	Linezolid is a synthetic antibiotic, the first of the oxazolidinone class, used for the treatment of infections caused by multi-resistant bacteria including streptococcus and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The drug works by inhibiting the initiation of bacterial protein synthesis.		
DB00602	Ivermectin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Ivermectin is a broad-spectrum anti-parasite medication. It was first marketed under the name Stromectol® and used against worms (except tapeworms), but, in 2012, it was approved for the topical treatment of head lice infestations in patients 6 months of age and older, and marketed under the name Sklice™ as well. Ivermectin is mainly used in humans in the treatment of onchocerciasis, but is also effective against other worm infestations (such as strongyloidiasis, ascariasis, trichuriasis and enterobiasis).		
DB00603	Medroxyprogesterone acetate	approved,investigational	Medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) is a [progesterone] derivative that is more resistant to metabolism for improved pharmacokinetic properties.[A14848] MPA can be use to treat secondary amenorrhea, endometrial hyperplasia, abnormal uterine bleeding, osteoporosis, vasomotor symptoms in menopause, vulvar and vaginal atrophy, prevent pregnancy, manage pain in endometriosis, prevent pregnancy, and is also used in palliative care for endometrial and renal carcinoma.[L8657,L8660,L8663,L8666,L8669]Medroxyprogesterone acetate was granted FDA approval on 18 June 1959.[L8657]		
DB00604	Cisapride	approved,investigational,withdrawn	In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.		
DB00605	Sulindac	approved,investigational	Sulindac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) of the arylalkanoic acid class that is marketed by Merck under the brand name Clinoril. Like other NSAIDs, it may be used in the treatment of acute or chronic inflammatory conditions. Sulindac is a prodrug, derived from sulfinylindene, that is converted _in vivo_ to an active sulfide compound by liver enzymes. There is evidence from some studies that sulindac may be associated with fewer gastrointestinal side effects than other NSAIDs, except for the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor drug class. This may be due to the sulfide metabolite undergoing enterohepatic circulation thus maintaining constant blood levels of the compound without inducing gastrointestinal effects, where the drug is excreted in the bile and then reabsorbed from the intestines. While its full mechanism of action is not fully understood, sulindac is thought to primarily mediate its action by inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis by inhibiting COX-1 and COX-2.	Sulindac Action Pathway	
DB00606	Cyclothiazide	approved	As a diuretic, cyclothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like cyclothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of cyclothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle. Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.	Cyclothiazide Action Pathway	
DB00607	Nafcillin	approved,investigational	A semi-synthetic antibiotic related to penicillin, Naficillin is a narrow-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic drug. It is a beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin that is indicated for the treatment of Staphylococcal infections caused by strains that are resistant to other penicillins, except those caused by MRSA. It may be used as a first-line therapy in Methicillin-Sensitive *Staphylococcus aureus* infections [A20360].		
DB00608	Chloroquine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Chloroquine is an aminoquinolone derivative first developed in the 1940s for the treatment of malaria.[A191655] It was the drug of choice to treat malaria until the development of newer antimalarials such as [pyrimethamine], [artemisinin], and [mefloquine].[A191787] Chloroquine and its derivative [hydroxychloroquine] have since been repurposed for the treatment of a number of other conditions including HIV, systemic lupus erythematosus, and rheumatoid arthritis.[A192432]**The FDA emergency use authorization for [hydroxychloroquine] and chloroquine in the treatment of COVID-19 was revoked on 15 June 2020.[L14312]**Chloroquine was granted FDA Approval on 31 October 1949.[L12054]		
DB00609	Ethionamide	approved	A second-line antitubercular agent that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis. It also may be used for treatment of leprosy. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p868)		
DB00610	Metaraminol	approved,investigational	An adrenergic agonist that acts predominantly at alpha adrenergic receptors and also stimulates the release of norepinephrine. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of hypotension.		
DB00611	Butorphanol	approved,illicit,vet_approved	A synthetic morphinan analgesic with narcotic antagonist action. It is used in the management of severe pain.		
DB00612	Bisoprolol	approved	Bisoprolol is a cardioselective β1-adrenergic blocking agent used to treat high blood pressure.[A180472,L7219] It is considered a potent drug with a long-half life that can be used once daily to reduce the need for multiple doses of antihypertensive drugs.[A180472] Bisoprolol is generally well tolerated, likely due to its β1-adrenergic receptor selectivity and is a useful alternative to non-selective β-blocker drugs in the treatment of hypertension such as [Carvedilol] and [Labetalol]. It may be used alone or in combination with other drugs to manage hypertension[L7219] and can be useful in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) due to its receptor selectivity.[A180562]	Bisoprolol Action Pathway	
DB00613	Amodiaquine	approved,investigational	A 4-aminoquinoquinoline compound with anti-inflammatory properties.		
DB00614	Furazolidone	experimental,vet_approved	A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)		
DB00615	Rifabutin	approved,investigational	A broad-spectrum antibiotic that is being used as prophylaxis against disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in HIV-positive patients.		
DB00616	Candoxatril	experimental	Candoxatril is the orally-active prodrug of candoxatrilat (UK-73967), a potent neutral endopeptidase (NEP) inhibitor.		
DB00617	Paramethadione	approved	Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.		
DB00618	Demeclocycline	approved	A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time.	Demeclocycline Action Pathway	
DB00619	Imatinib	approved	Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.	Imatinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB00620	Triamcinolone	approved,vet_approved	Triamcinolone is a corticosteroid used to treat various inflammatory conditions in the body from allergic rhinitis to acute exacerbations of multiple sclerosis.[L8255] Triamcinolone can be used as a one time adjunct treatment of osteoarthritic knee pain,[L8264] or first line as a topical treatment of corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.[L8249] Triamcinolone is more commonly seen in the forms triamcinolone hexacetonide, triamcinolone acetonide, and triamcinolone diacetate.[L8246,L8249,L8252,L8255,L8258,L8261,L8264]Triamcinolone was granted FDA approval on 3 December 1957.[L8243]		
DB00621	Oxandrolone	approved,investigational	A synthetic hormone with anabolic and androgenic properties.		
DB00622	Nicardipine	approved,investigational	A potent calcium channel blockader with marked vasodilator action. It has antihypertensive properties and is effective in the treatment of angina and coronary spasms without showing cardiodepressant effects. It has also been used in the treatment of asthma and enhances the action of specific antineoplastic agents. [PubChem]		
DB00623	Fluphenazine	approved	A phenothiazine used in the treatment of psychoses. Its properties and uses are generally similar to those of chlorpromazine.		
DB00624	Testosterone	approved,investigational	Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone indicated to treat primary hypogonadism and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.[L8983,L8935,L8938,L8986,L8989,L8992,L8995] Testosterone antagonizes the androgen receptor to induce gene expression that causes the growth and development of masculine sex organs and secondary sexual characteristics.[A187114,L8983,L8935,L8938,L8986,L8989,L8992,L8995]Testosterone was isolated from samples and also synthesized in 1935.[A186943]	17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androstenedione Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB00625	Efavirenz	approved,investigational	Efavirenz (brand names Sustiva® and Stocrin®) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) and is used as part of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) for the treatment of a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1.For HIV infection that has not previously been treated, efavirenz and lamivudine in combination with zidovudine or tenofovir is the preferred NNRTI-based regimen.Efavirenz is also used in combination with other antiretroviral agents as part of an expanded postexposure prophylaxis regimen to prevent HIV transmission for those exposed to materials associated with a high risk for HIV transmission.	Efavirenz Action Pathway	
DB00626	Bacitracin	approved,vet_approved	Bacitracin is a combination of at least 9 bacitracins.[A955,A181952] 60-80% of commercially prepared bacitracin is bacitracin A.[A181952] The bacillus that produces bacitracin was first isolated from a knee scrape in 1945 from the knee wound of a child named Margaret Tracy.[A181952]Bacitracin was granted FDA approval on 29 July 1948.[A181997,L7748]		
DB00627	Niacin	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Niacin is a B vitamin used to treat vitamin deficiencies as well as hyperlipidemia, dyslipidemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and to reduce the risk of myocardial infarctions.[L7550,L7553,L7556,L7559,L7562,L7565]	Nicotinate and Nicotinamide Metabolism	
DB00628	Clorazepic acid	approved,illicit	A water-soluble benzodiazepine derivative effective in the treatment of anxiety. It has also muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant actions.		
DB00629	Guanabenz	approved,investigational	An alpha-2 selective adrenergic agonist used as an antihypertensive agent. [PubChem]		
DB00630	Alendronic acid	approved	Alendronic acid is a second generation bisphosphonate that is used for the treatment of some forms of osteoperosis and Paget's disease[FDA Label][A959,A203111]. It functions by preventing resorption of bone[FDA Label][A959].	Alendronate Action Pathway	
DB00631	Clofarabine	approved,investigational	Clofarabine is a purine nucleoside antimetabolite that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It is marketed as Clolar in the U.S. and Canada, or Evoltra in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. Clofarabine is used in paediatrics to treat a type of leukaemia called relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), only after at least two other types of treatment have failed. It is not known if the drug extends life expectancy. Its potential use in acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) and juvenile myelomonocytic leukaemia (JMML) has been investigated.		
DB00632	Docosanol	approved,investigational	Docosanol is a drug used for topical treatment for recurrent herpes simplex labialis episodes (episodes of cold sores or fever blisters). A saturated 22-carbon aliphatic alcohol, docosanol exhibits antiviral activity against many lipid enveloped viruses including herpes simplex virus (HSV). Docosanol inhibits fusion between the plasma membrane and the herpes simplex virus (HSV) envelope, thereby preventing viral entry into cells and subsequent viral replication.		
DB00633	Dexmedetomidine	approved,vet_approved	An agonist of receptors, adrenergic alpha-2 that is used in veterinary medicine for its analgesic and sedative properties. It is the racemate of dexmedetomidine.		
DB00634	Sulfacetamide	approved	An anti-infective agent that is used topically to treat skin infections and orally for urinary tract infections.		
DB00635	Prednisone	approved,vet_approved	A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from [cortisone].[A187463] It is biologically inert and converted to [prednisolone] in the liver.[L10502]Prednisone was granted FDA approval on 21 February 1955.[L10496]	Prednisone Action Pathway,Prednisone Metabolism Pathway	
DB00636	Clofibrate	approved,investigational	A fibric acid derivative used in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemia type III and severe hypertriglyceridemia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p986)		
DB00637	Astemizole	approved,withdrawn	Astemizole is a long-acting, non-sedating second generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms. It was withdrawn from market by the manufacturer in 1999 due to the potential to cause arrhythmias at high doses, especially when  when taken with CYP inhibitors or grapefruit juice.	Astemizole H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00638	Inulin	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	A starch found in the tubers and roots of many plants. Since it is hydrolyzable to fructose, it is classified as a fructosan. It has been used in physiologic investigation for determination of the rate of glomerular function.		
DB00639	Butoconazole	approved	Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used in gynecology.		
DB00640	Adenosine	approved,investigational	A nucleoside that is composed of adenine and d-ribose. Adenosine or adenosine derivatives play many important biological roles in addition to being components of DNA and RNA. Adenosine itself is a neurotransmitter.	Methionine Metabolism,Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Intracellular Signalling Through Adenosine Receptor A2a and Adenosine,Intracellular Signalling Through Adenosine Receptor A2b and Adenosine,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT)	
DB00641	Simvastatin	approved	Simvastatin, also known as the brand name product Zocor, is a lipid-lowering drug derived synthetically from a fermentation product of _Aspergillus terreus_. It belongs to the statin class of medications, which are used to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease and manage abnormal lipid levels by inhibiting the endogenous production of cholesterol in the liver. More specifically, statin medications competitively inhibit the enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase,[A181421] which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid and is the third step in a sequence of metabolic reactions involved in the production of several compounds involved in lipid metabolism and transport including cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (sometimes referred to as "bad cholesterol"), and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL). Prescribing of statin medications is considered standard practice following any cardiovascular events and for people with a moderate to high risk of development of CVD, such as those with Type 2 Diabetes. The clear evidence of the benefit of statin use coupled with very minimal side effects or long term effects has resulted in this class becoming one of the most widely prescribed medications in North America.[A181087, A181406]Simvastatin and other drugs from the statin class of medications including [atorvastatin], [pravastatin], [rosuvastatin], [fluvastatin], and [lovastatin] are considered first-line options for the treatment of dyslipidemia.[A181087, A181406] Increasing use of the statin class of drugs is largely due to the fact that cardiovascular disease (CVD), which includes heart attack, atherosclerosis, angina, peripheral artery disease, and stroke, has become a leading cause of death in high-income countries and a major cause of morbidity around the world.[A181084] Elevated cholesterol levels, and in particular, elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels, are an important risk factor for the development of CVD.[A181087,A181553] Use of statins to target and reduce LDL levels has been shown in a number of landmark studies to significantly reduce the risk of development of CVD and all-cause mortality.[A181090,A181093,A181096,A181427,A181475,A181538] Statins are considered a cost-effective treatment option for CVD due to their evidence of reducing all-cause mortality including fatal and non-fatal CVD as well as the need for surgical revascularization or angioplasty following a heart attack.[A181087, A181406] Evidence has shown that even for low-risk individuals (with <10% risk of a major vascular event occurring within 5 years) statins cause a 20%-22% relative reduction in major cardiovascular events (heart attack, stroke, coronary revascularization, and coronary death) for every 1 mmol/L reduction in LDL without any significant side effects or risks.[A181397, A181403]While all statin medications are considered equally effective from a clinical standpoint, [rosuvastatin] is considered the most potent; doses of 10 to 40mg [rosuvastatin] per day were found in clinical studies to result in a 45.8% to 54.6% decrease in LDL cholesterol levels, while simvastatin has been found to have an average decrease in LDL-C of ~35%.[A181409,A181535,A181538,A1793] Potency is thought to correlate to tissue permeability as the more lipophilic statins such as simvastatin are thought to enter endothelial cells by passive diffusion, as opposed to hydrophilic statins such as [pravastatin] and [rosuvastatin] which are taken up into hepatocytes through OATP1B1 (organic anion transporter protein 1B1)-mediated transport.[A181424,A181460] Despite these differences in potency, several trials have demonstrated only minimal differences in terms of clinical outcomes between statins.[A181438, A181427]	Simvastatin Action Pathway	
DB00642	Pemetrexed	approved,investigational	Pemetrexed is a chemotherapy drug that is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company under the brand name Alimta. It is indicated for use in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma whose disease is either unresectable or who are otherwise not candidates for curative surgery. Its use in non-small cell lung cancer has also been investigated.		
DB00643	Mebendazole	approved,vet_approved	A benzimidazole that acts by interfering with carbohydrate metabolism and inhibiting polymerization of microtubules. [PubChem]		
DB00644	Gonadorelin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pituitary.		
DB00645	Dyclonine	approved	Dyclonine is an oral anaesthetic found in Sucrets, an over the counter throat lozenge. It may also be found in some Cepacol sore throat spray products.		
DB00646	Nystatin	approved,vet_approved	Nystatin is a polyene antifungal drug that has broad-spectrum fungicidal and fungistatic activity against a number of yeasts and fungi, most notably _Candida_ species.[L10686] It is one of the most effective antifungal agents synthesized by bacteria, in this case a strain of _Streptomyces noursei_,[L10776] and is closely related to [amphotericin B], differing only slightly in structure.[A188562] Nystatin has a greater antifungal activity than amphotericin B - parenterally administered nystatin, however, is associated with significant toxicity and is not available in a formulation appropriate for systemic use.[A188562] As it undergoes very little absorption following oral or topical administration, nystatin's efficacy is limited to the treatment/prevention of cutaneous, mucocutaneous, and gastrointestinal fungal infections.[L10686,L10728]		
DB00647	Dextropropoxyphene	approved,illicit,investigational,withdrawn	Dextropropoxyphene is an opioid analgesic manufactured by Eli Lilly and Company. It is used in the symptomatic treatment of mild pain. It displays antitussive and local anaesthetic actions. Due to the risk of cardiac arrhythmias and overdose, possibly leading to death, dextropropoxyphene has been withdrawn from the market in Europe and the United States. The drug is often referred to as the general form, "propoxyphene", however only the dextro-isomer (dextropropoxyphene) has any analgesic effect. The levo-isomer appears to exhibit a very limited antitussive effect.	Propoxyphene Action Pathway	
DB00648	Mitotane	approved	A derivative of the insecticide  dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane that specifically inhibits cells of the adrenal cortex and their production of hormones. It is used to treat adrenocortical tumors and causes CNS damage, but no bone marrow depression.		
DB00649	Stavudine	approved,investigational	A dideoxynucleoside analog that inhibits reverse transcriptase and has in vitro activity against HIV.	Stavudine Action Pathway	
DB00650	Leucovorin	approved	Folinic Acid (also known as 5-formyl tetrahydrofolic acid or leucovorin) is the 5-formyl derivative of tetrahydrofolic acid, a necessary co-factor in the body. Commercially available leucovorin is composed of a 1:1 racemic mixture of the dextrorotary and levorotary isomers, while levoleucovorin contains only the pharmacologically active levo-isomer. In vitro, the levo-isomer has been shown to be rapidly converted to the biologically available methyl-tetrahydrofolate form while the dextro form is slowly excreted by the kidneys. Despite this difference in activity, the two commercially available forms have been shown to be pharmacokinetically identical and may be used interchangeably with limited differences in efficacy or side effects (Kovoor et al, 2009). As folate analogs, leucovorin and levoleucovorin are both used to counteract the toxic effects of folic acid antagonists, such as methotrexate, which act by inhibiting the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR). They are indicated for use as rescue therapy following use of high-dose methotrexate in the treatment of osteosarcoma or for diminishing the toxicity associated with inadvertent overdosage of folic acid antagonists. Injectable forms are also indicated for use in the treatment of megaloblastic anemias due to folic acid deficiency when oral therapy is not feasible and for use in combination with 5-fluorouracil to prolong survival in the palliative treatment of patients with advanced colorectal cancer. Folic acid is an essential B vitamin required by the body for the synthesis of purines, pyrimidines, and methionine before incorporation into DNA or protein. However, in order to function in this role, it must first be reduced by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) into the cofactors dihydrofolate (DHF) and tetrahydrofolate (THF). This important pathway, which is required for de novo synthesis of nucleic acids and amino acids, is disrupted when high-dose methotrexate is used for cancer therapy. As methotrexate functions as a DHFR inhibitor to prevent DNA synthesis in rapidly dividing cells, it also prevents the formation of DHF and THF. This results in a deficiency of coenzymes and a resultant buildup of toxic substances that are responsible for numerous adverse side effects associated with methotrexate therapy. As levoleucovorin and leucovorin are analogs of tetrahydrofolate (THF), they are able to bypass DHFR reduction and act as a cellular replacement for the co-factor THF, thereby preventing these toxic side effects.	Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Folate Metabolism,Methotrexate Action Pathway,Folate Malabsorption, Hereditary	
DB00651	Dyphylline	approved	Dyphylline is a theophylline derivative with broncho- and vasodilator properties. It is typically used in the management of asthma, cardiac dyspnea, and bronchitis.		
DB00652	Pentazocine	approved,vet_approved	The first mixed agonist-antagonist analgesic to be marketed. It is an agonist at the kappa and sigma opioid receptors and has a weak antagonist action at the mu receptor. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1991, p97)	Pentazocine Action Pathway	
DB00653	Magnesium sulfate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A small colorless crystal used as an anticonvulsant, a cathartic, and an electrolyte replenisher in the treatment of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. It causes direct inhibition of action potentials in myometrial muscle cells. Excitation and contraction are uncoupled, which decreases the frequency and force of contractions. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1083)		
DB00654	Latanoprost	approved,investigational	Latanoprost is a prodrug analog of prostaglandin F2 alpha that is used to treat elevated intraocular pressure (IOP). It was initially approved by the FDA in 1998. Latanoprost is the first topical prostaglandin F2 alpha analog used for glaucoma treatment.[A184493] It has been found to be well-tolerated and its use does not normally result in systemic adverse effects like other drugs used to treat elevated intraocular pressure, such as [Timolol]. Another benefit latanoprost is that it can be administered once a day.[A184490]		
DB00655	Estrone	approved	Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.	Sulfite Oxidase Deficiency,Estrone Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency,Sulfate/Sulfite Metabolism,17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androstenedione Metabolism	
DB00656	Trazodone	approved,investigational	Trazodone is triazolopyridine derivative from the serotonin receptor antagonists and reuptake inhibitors (SARIs) class of antidepressants.[A181180] It is used in adults and has been shown to be comparable in efficacy to other drugs such as tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and serotonin-norepinephrine receptor inhibitor (SNRIs) in the treatment of depression.[T646] A unique feature of this drug is that it does not promote the anxiety symptoms, sexual symptoms, or insomnia, which are commonly associated with SSRI and SNRI therapy.[T646] Trazodone acts on various receptors, including certain histamine, serotonin, and adrenergic receptors, distinguishing it from other antidepressants that cover a narrow range of neurotransmitters.[T646] It was initially granted FDA approval in 1981.[L3484]		
DB00657	Mecamylamine	approved,investigational	A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool.		
DB00658	Sevelamer	approved	Sevelamer is a phosphate binding drug used to prevent hyperphosphataemia in patients with chronic renal failure. It is marketed by Genzyme under the trade name Renagel.		
DB00659	Acamprosate	approved,investigational	Acamprosate, also known by the brand name Campral&trade;, is a drug used for treating alcohol dependence. Acamprosate is thought to stabilize the chemical balance in the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism, possibly by blocking glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, while gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors are activated. Reports indicate that acamprosate only works with a combination of attending support groups and abstinence from alcohol. Certain serious side effects include allergic reactions, irregular heartbeats, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence. Acamprosate should not be taken by people with kidney problems or allergies to the drug.		
DB00660	Metaxalone	approved	Metaxalone is a moderate to strong muscle relaxant used in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. It is marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin®. Its main mechanism of action is thought to involve general central nervous system depression. Metaxalone is associated with few side effects and is available as a 800 mg scored tablet.		
DB00661	Verapamil	approved	Verapamil is a phenylalkylamine calcium channel blocker used in the treatment of high blood pressure, heart arrhythmias, and angina,[L8791] and was the first calcium channel antagonist to be introduced into therapy in the early 1960s.[A188514] It is a member of the non-dihydropyridine class of calcium channel blockers, which includes drugs like [diltiazem] and [flunarizine], but is chemically unrelated to other cardioactive medications.[L8791] Verapamil is administered as a racemic mixture containing equal amounts of the S- and R-enantiomer, each of which is pharmacologically distinct - the S-enantiomer carries approximately 20-fold greater potency than the R-enantiomer, but is metabolized at a higher rate.[A188435]	Verapamil Action Pathway	
DB00662	Trimethobenzamide	approved,investigational	Trimethobenzamide is a novel antiemetic which prevents nausea and vomiting in humans. Its actions are unclear but most likely involves the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ). In dogs pretreated with trimethobenzamide HCl, the emetic response to apomorphine is inhibited, while little or no protection is afforded against emesis induced by intragastric copper sulfate.		
DB00663	Flumethasone	approved,vet_approved	Flumethasone is a moderately potent difluorinated corticosteroid ester with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive properties. As it is a privalate salt, its anti-inflammatory action is concentrated at the site of application. This local effect on diseased areas results in a prompt decrease in inflammation, exudation and itching.		
DB00664	Sulfametopyrazine	approved,withdrawn	Long-acting plasma-bound sulfonamide used for respiratory and urinary tract infections and also for malaria.		
DB00665	Nilutamide	approved,investigational	Nilutamide is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Nilutamide is a pure, nonsteroidal anti-androgen with affinity for androgen receptors (but not for progestogen, estrogen, or glucocorticoid receptors). Consequently, Nilutamide blocks the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin that stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue. Prostate cancer is mostly androgen-dependent and can be treated with surgical or chemical castration. To date, antiandrogen monotherapy has not consistently been shown to be equivalent to castration.		
DB00666	Nafarelin	approved	Nafarelin is a potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. Nafarelin has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis.		
DB00668	Epinephrine	approved,vet_approved	Epinephrine, also known as _adrenaline_, is a hormone and neurotransmitter and produced by the adrenal glands that can also be used as a drug due to its various important functions. Though it has long been used in the treatment of hypersensitivity reactions, epinephrine in the auto-injector form (EpiPen) has been available since 1987 in the USA. Many new products/biosimilars and dosage routes have been approved under various names over the last several decades [L4355], [L4356], [L4358].  On August 16, 2018, Teva Pharmaceuticals USA gained approval to market its generic epinephrine auto-injector in 0.3 mg and 0.15 mg strengths [L4353]. Dosage delivery routes for epinephrine include intravenous, inhalation, nebulization, intramuscular injection, and subcutaneous injection.In general, the most common uses of parenteral epinephrine are to relieve respiratory distress due to bronchospasm, to provide rapid relief of hypersensitivity (anaphylactic or anaphylactoid) reactions to drugs, animal serums and other allergens, and to prolong the action of infiltration anesthetics [F2136]. In addition to the above functions, epinephrine is the primary drug administered during cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) to reverse cardiac arrest [A37697], [A37699].  It can be used in severe cases of croup [L4824].	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Epinephrine Action Pathway	
DB00669	Sumatriptan	approved,investigational	Sumatriptan is a serotonin receptor agonist commonly used to treat migraines and sometimes cluster headaches.[L6793,L6796,L6799,L6805,L6808,L6811] Sumatriptan is the first of the triptans and was made available in Europe in 1991 to treat migraines.[A179761] Sumatriptan was granted FDA approval on 28 December 1992.[L6805]		
DB00670	Pirenzepine	approved	An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodenal ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as cimetidine and ranitidine. It is generally well tolerated by patients.	Pirenzepine Action Pathway	
DB00671	Cefixime	approved,investigational	Cefixime, an antibiotic, is a third-generation cephalosporin like ceftriaxone and cefotaxime. Cefixime is highly stable in the presence of beta-lactamase enzymes. As a result, many organisms resistant to penicillins and some cephalosporins due to the presence of beta-lactamases, may be susceptible to cefixime. The antibacterial effect of cefixime results from inhibition of mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall.		
DB00672	Chlorpropamide	approved,investigational	Chlorpropamide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the sulfonylurea class of insulin secretagogues, which act by stimulating β cells of the pancreas to release insulin. Sulfonylureas increase both basal insulin secretion and meal-stimulated insulin release. Medications in this class differ in their dose, rate of absorption, duration of action, route of elimination and binding site on their target pancreatic β cell receptor. Sulfonylureas also increase peripheral glucose utilization, decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis and may increase the number and sensitivity of insulin receptors. Sulfonylureas are associated with weight gain, though less so than insulin. Due to their mechanism of action, sulfonylureas may cause hypoglycemia and require consistent food intake to decrease this risk. The risk of hypoglycemia is increased in elderly, debilitated and malnourished individuals. Chlorpropamide is not recommended for the treatment of NIDDM as it increases blood pressure and the risk of retinopathy (UKPDS-33). Up to 80% of the single oral dose of chlorpropramide is metabolized, likely in the liver; 80-90% of the dose is excreted in urine as unchanged drug and metabolites. Renal and hepatic dysfunction may increase the risk of hypoglycemia.		
DB00673	Aprepitant	approved,investigational	Aprepitant, an antiemetic, is a substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist which, in combination with other antiemetic agents, is indicated for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Aprepitant is a selective high-affinity antagonist of human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors. Aprepitant has little or no affinity for serotonin (5-HT3), dopamine, and corticosteroid receptors, the targets of existing therapies for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CI NV).		
DB00674	Galantamine	approved	Galantamine is a tertiary alkaloid and reversible, competitive inhibitor of the acetylcholinesterase (AChE) enzyme, which is a widely studied therapeutic target used in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.[A1018] First characterized in the early 1950s, galantamine is a tertiary alkaloid that was extracted from botanical sources, such as _Galanthus nivalis_.[A201968] Galantamine was first studied in paralytic and neuropathic conditions, such as myopathies and postpolio paralytic conditions, and for reversal of neuromuscular blockade.[A182993,A201968] Following the discovery of its AChE-inhibiting properties, the cognitive effects of galantamine were studied in a wide variety of psychiatric disorders such as mild cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, and autism; however, re-development of the drug for Alzheimer’s disease did not commence until the early 1990s due to difficulties in extraction and synthesis.[A201968] Galantamine blocks the breakdown of acetylcholine in the synaptic cleft, thereby increasing acetylcholine neurotransmission. It also acts as an allosteric modulator of the nicotinic receptor, giving its dual mechanism of action clinical significance.[A182993]The drug was approved by the FDA in 2001 for the treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type. As Alzheimer's disease is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder, galantamine is not known to alter the course of the underlying dementing process. Galantamine works to block the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of acetylcholine in the synaptic cleft, thereby enhancing cholinergic neuron function and signalling. Under this hypothesized mechanism of action, the therapeutic effects of galantamine may decrease as the disease progression advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact.[L13571] It is therefore not considered to be a disease-modifying drug.[A203558] Galantamine is marketed under the brand name Razadyne, and is available as oral immediate- and extended-release tablets and solution.[L13571]		
DB00675	Tamoxifen	approved	Tamoxifen is a non-steroidal antiestrogen used to treat estrogen receptor positive breast cancers as well as prevent the incidence of breast cancer in high risk populations.[A1025,L7799,L7802] Tamoxifen is used alone or as an adjuvant in these treatments.[L7799,L7802] Tamoxifen may no longer be the preferred treatment for these types of cancers as patients generally have better survival, side effect profiles, and compliance with [anastrozole].[A1026]Tamoxifen was granted FDA approval on 30 December 1977.[L7799]	Tamoxifen Metabolism Pathway,Tamoxifen Action Pathway	
DB00676	Benzyl benzoate	approved	Benzyl benzoate is one of the older preparations used to treat scabies. Scabies is a skin infection caused by the mite sarcoptes scabiei. It is characterised by severe itching (particularly at night), red spots, and may lead to a secondary infection. Benzyl benzoate is lethal to this mite and so is useful in the treatment of scabies. It is also used to treat lice infestation of the head and body. Benzyl benzoate is not the treatment of choice for scabies due to its irritant properties.		
DB00677	Isoflurophate	approved,investigational,withdrawn	An irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor with actions similar to those of echothiophate. It is a powerful miotic used mainly in the treatment of glaucoma. Its vapor is highly toxic and it is recommended that only solutions in arachis oil be used therapeutically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p1330)		
DB00678	Losartan	approved	Losartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) used to treat hypertension.[L7423] Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors are used for a similar indication but are associated with a cough.[L7423] When patients with ACE inhibitor associated coughs are switched to ARBs like losartan, they have an incidence of cough similar to placebo or [hydrochlorothiazide].[L7423] Losartan is available as losartan potassium oral tablets as well as a combination tablet of losartan potassium and hydrochlorothiazide.[L7423,L7426] Patients taking losartan should have their renal function and potassium levels monitored.[L7423] Losartan was granted FDA approval on 14 April 1995.[L7423]	Losartan Action Pathway	
DB00679	Thioridazine	approved,withdrawn	A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.		
DB00680	Moricizine	approved,investigational,withdrawn	An antiarrhythmia agent used primarily for ventricular rhythm disturbances.		
DB00681	Amphotericin B	approved,investigational	Amphotericin B shows a high order of in vitro activity against many species of fungi. Histoplasma capsulatum, Coccidioides immitis, Candida species, Blastomyces dermatitidis, Rhodotorula, Cryptococcus neoformans, Sporothrix schenckii, Mucor mucedo, and Aspergillus fumigatus are all inhibited by concentrations of amphotericin B ranging from 0.03 to 1.0 mcg/mL in vitro. While Candida albicans is generally quite susceptible to amphotericin B, non-albicans species may be less susceptible. Pseudallescheria boydii and Fusarium sp. are often resistant to amphotericin B. The antibiotic is without effect on bacteria, rickettsiae, and viruses.		
DB00682	Warfarin	approved	Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.	Warfarin Action Pathway	
DB00683	Midazolam	approved,illicit	Midazolam is a short-acting hypnotic-sedative drug with anxiolytic, muscle relaxant, anticonvulsant, sedative, hypnotic, and amnesic properties.[A173842] It belongs to a class of drugs called _benzodiazepines_. This drug is unique from others in this class due to its rapid onset of effects and short duration of action.[A173842] Midazolam is available by oral, rectal, intranasal, intramuscular (IM), and intravenous (IV) routes and has been used in various biomedical applications, including dentistry, cardiac surgery, and endoscopic procedures as pre-anesthetic medication, and as an adjunct to local anesthesia.[F2977]This drug was initially approved by the US FDA in 1985, and has been approved for various indications since.[FDA label] In late 2018, the intramuscular preparation was approved by the FDA for the treatment of status epilepticus in adults.[FDA label] In May 2019, the nasal spray of midazolam was approved for the acute treatment of distinctive intermittent, stereotypic seizure episodes in patients 12 years of age and older. Midazolam is considered a schedule IV drug in the United States due to the low potential for abuse and low risk of dependence.[L5074]		
DB00684	Tobramycin	approved,investigational	An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the pseudomonas species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, nebramycin, produced by the same species.	Tobramycin Action Pathway	
DB00685	Trovafloxacin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Trovafloxacin is a broad spectrum antibiotic that has been commonly marketed under the brand name Trovan by Pfizer. It exerts its antibacterial activity by inhibiting the uncoiling of supercoiled DNA in various bacteria by blocking the activity of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. It was shown to be more effective against Gram-positive bacteria than Gram-negative bacteria when compared to previous fluoroquinolones. Due to its hepatotoxic potential, trovafloxacin was withdrawn from the market.		
DB00686	Pentosan polysulfate	approved	Pentosan polysulfate is a sulfated pentosyl polysaccharide with heparin-like properties.		
DB00687	Fludrocortisone	approved,investigational	Fludrocortisone is a synthetic mineralocorticoid used in conjunction with [hydrocortisone] to replace missing endogenous corticosteroids in patients with adrenal insufficiency.[A187169,A187187] It is functionally similar to [aldosterone], the body's primary endogenous mineralocorticoid, and is structurally analogous to [cortisol], differing only by a fluorine atom at the 9-position of the steroid structure - this fluorination is thought to be crucial to fludrocortisone's significant mineralocorticoid potency.[A5423]		
DB00688	Mycophenolate mofetil	approved,investigational	Mycophenolate mofetil, also known as MMF or CellCept, is a prodrug of mycophenolic acid, and classified as a reversible inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH).[A180805] This drug is an immunosuppressant combined with drugs such as [Cyclosporine] and corticosteroids to prevent organ rejection after hepatic, renal, and cardiac transplants.[L7363] It is marketed by Roche Pharmaceuticals and was granted FDA approval for the prophylaxis of transplant rejection in 1995.[A180826] In addition to the above uses, mycophenolate mofetil has also been studied for the treatment of nephritis and other complications of autoimmune diseases. Unlike another immunosuppressant class, the calcineurin inhibitors, MMF generally does not cause nephrotoxicity or fibrosis.[A180799,A180805]Previously, mycophenolic acid (MPA) was administered to individuals with autoimmune diseases beginning in the 1970s, but was discontinued due to gastrointestinal effects and concerns over carcinogenicity.[A180826] The new semi-synthetic 2-morpholinoethyl ester of MPA was synthesized to avoid the gastrointestinal effects associated with the administration of MPA. It demonstrates an increased bioavailability, a higher efficacy, and reduced gastrointestinal effects when compared to MPA.[A180826]	Mycophenolic Acid Metabolism Pathway	
DB00689	Cephaloglycin	approved	A cephalorsporin antibiotic that is no longer commonly used.		
DB00690	Flurazepam	approved,illicit,investigational	A benzodiazepine derivative used mainly as a hypnotic.		
DB00691	Moexipril	approved	Moexipril is a non-sulfhydryl containing precursor of the active angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor moexiprilat. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). It works by relaxing blood vessels, causing them to widen. Lowering high blood pressure helps prevent strokes, heart attacks and kidney problems.	Moexipril Action Pathway,Moexipril Metabolism Pathway	
DB00692	Phentolamine	approved	A nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is used in the treatment of hypertension and hypertensive emergencies, pheochromocytoma, vasospasm of raynaud disease and frostbite, clonidine withdrawal syndrome, impotence, and peripheral vascular disease.		
DB00693	Fluorescein	approved	A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium, such as the aqueous humor, and is used therapeutically as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma. It has been approved by FDA for use in externally applied drugs and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 12th ed; American Medical Association Drug Evaluations; 1995, p2275)		
DB00694	Daunorubicin	approved	A very toxic anthracycline aminoglycoside antineoplastic isolated from Streptomyces peucetius and others, used in treatment of leukemia and other neoplasms.		
DB00695	Furosemide	approved,vet_approved	Furosemide is a potent loop diuretic that acts on the kidneys to ultimately increase water loss from the body. It is an anthranilic acid derivative.[L7958] Furosemide is used for edema secondary to various clinical conditions, such as congestive heart failure exacerbation, liver failure, renal failure, and high blood pressure.[L7961] It mainly works by inhibiting electrolyte reabsorption from the kidneys and enhancing the excretion of water from the body. Furosemide has a fast onset and short duration of action and has been used safely and effectively in both pediatric and adult patients.[A182495] The use of furosemide is particularly beneficial in clinical settings that require a drug with a higher diuretic potential. In addition to oral formulations, the solution for intravenous and intramuscular administration is also available, which is typically limited to patients who are unable to take oral medication or for patients in emergency clinical situations.[L7958]	Furosemide Action Pathway	
DB00696	Ergotamine	approved	A vasoconstrictor found in ergot of Central Europe. It is an alpha-1 selective adrenergic agonist and is commonly used in the treatment of migraine disorders.		
DB00697	Tizanidine	approved,investigational	Tizanidine is a fast-acting drug used for the management of muscle spasm, which may result from the effects of multiple sclerosis, stroke, an acquired brain injury, or a spinal cord injury [T574].  It may also be caused by musculoskeletal injury [A177583].  Regardless of the cause, muscle spasticity can be an extremely painful and debilitating condition. Initially approved by the FDA in 1996, tizanidine is an Alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist reducing spasticity by the presynaptic inhibition of excitatory neurotransmitters that cause firing of neurons promoting muscle spasm [FDA label].		
DB00698	Nitrofurantoin	approved,vet_approved	Nitrofurantoin is a nitrofuran antibiotic used to treat uncomplicated urinary tract infections.[L6856,L6859,L6862] Nitrofurantoin is converted by bacterial nitroreductases to electrophilic intermediates which inhibit the citric acid cycle as well as synthesis of DNA, RNA, and protein.[A179824] This drug is more resistant to the development of bacterial resistance because it acts on many targets at once.[A179824] Nitrofurantoin is a second line treatment to [trimethoprim]/[sulfamethoxazole].[A179830]Nitrofurantoin was granted FDA approval on 6 February 1953.[L6895]		
DB00699	Nicergoline	approved,investigational	An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease.		
DB00700	Eplerenone	approved	Eplerenone, an aldosterone receptor antagonist similar to spironolactone, has been shown to produce sustained increases in plasma renin and serum aldosterone, consistent with inhibition of the negative regulatory feedback of aldosterone on renin secretion. The resulting increased plasma renin activity and aldosterone circulating levels do not overcome the effects of eplerenone. Eplerenone selectively binds to recombinant human mineralocorticoid receptors relative to its binding to recombinant human glucocorticoid, progesterone and androgen receptors.	Eplerenone Action Pathway	
DB00701	Amprenavir	approved,investigational	Amprenavir is a protease inhibitor used to treat HIV infection.		
DB00702	Icodextrin	approved,investigational	Icodextrin is an iso-osmotic peritoneal dialysis solution containing glucose polymers. It is used primarily for ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for patients with end-stage renal disease. It is injected as a solution into the peritoneal cavity. The drug is absorbed via convective transport via peritoneal lymphatic pathways.		
DB00703	Methazolamide	approved	A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma.		
DB00704	Naltrexone	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Derivative of noroxymorphone that is the N-cyclopropylmethyl congener of naloxone. It is a narcotic antagonist that is effective orally, longer lasting and more potent than naloxone, and has been proposed for the treatment of heroin addiction. The FDA has approved naltrexone for the treatment of alcohol dependence.	Naltrexone Action Pathway	
DB00705	Delavirdine	approved	A potent, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with activity specific for HIV-1.	Delavirdine Action Pathway	
DB00706	Tamsulosin	approved,investigational	Tamsulosin is a selective alpha-1A and alpha-1B adrenoceptor antagonist that exerts its greatest effect in the prostate and bladder, where these receptors are most common.[Label] It is indicated for the treatment of signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hypertrophy.[Label] Antagonism of these receptors leads to relaxation of smooth muscle in the prostate and detrusor muscles in the bladder, allowing for better urinary flow.[Label] Other alpha-1 adrenoceptor antagonists developed in the 1980s were less selective and more likely to act on the smooth muscle of blood vessels, resulting in hypotension.[A178351]Tamsulosin was first approved by the FDA on April 15, 1997.[L6238]		
DB00707	Porfimer sodium	approved,investigational	The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.		
DB00708	Sufentanil	approved,investigational	Sufentanil is an opioid analgesic that is used as an adjunct in anesthesia, in balanced anesthesia, and as a primary anesthetic agent.  It is administered by the intravenous, epidural and sublingual routes. Also known as _Dsuvia_, the sublingual form is used for the management of acute pain in adults that is severe to warrant the use of an opioid analgesic in certified medically supervised healthcare settings, including hospitals, surgical centers, and emergency departments [L4717]. Consideration may be made in the future for the use of the sublingual form in the US military in cases where analgesia is required immediately [L4718].The sublingual form, manufactured by AcelRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AcelRx), was approved on November 2, 2018 [L4717].This route of administration is intended to be a simple, effective, non-invasive analgesic option to enable healthcare professionals to rapidly manage acute pain without difficult intravenous or epidural administration [L4717], [A39633].	Sufentanil Action Pathway	
DB00709	Lamivudine	approved,investigational	A reverse transcriptase inhibitor and zalcitabine analog in which a sulfur atom replaces the 3&#39; carbon of the pentose ring. It is used to treat Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis B (HBV).	Lamivudine Metabolism Pathway,Lamivudine  Action Pathway	
DB00710	Ibandronate	approved,investigational	Ibandronate, or BM 21.0955, is a third generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate similar to [zoledronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid].[A203111,A203138] It is used to prevent and treat postmenopausal osteoporosis.[L13805,L13808] Ibandronate was first described in the literature in 1993 as a treatment for bone loss in dogs.[A203138]Ibandronate was granted FDA approval on 16 May 2003.[L13805]	Ibandronate Action Pathway	
DB00711	Diethylcarbamazine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An anthelmintic used primarily as the citrate in the treatment of filariasis, particularly infestations with Wucheria bancrofti or Loa loa.		
DB00712	Flurbiprofen	approved,investigational	Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.	Flurbiprofen Action Pathway	
DB00713	Oxacillin	approved,investigational	An antibiotic similar to [flucloxacillin] used in resistant staphylococci infections.		
DB00714	Apomorphine	approved,investigational	Apomorphine is a non-ergoline dopamine D2 agonist indicated to treat hypomobility associated with Parkinson's. It was first synthesized in 1845 and first used in Parkinson's disease in 1884.[A203618] Apomorphine has also been investigated as an emetic, a sedative, a treatment for alcoholism, and a treatment of other movement disorders.[A203597,A203618]Apomorphine was granted FDA approval on 20 April 2004.[L13919]		
DB00715	Paroxetine	approved,investigational	Paroxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) drug commonly known as Paxil. It has a variety of uses, including the treatment of anxiety disorders, major depression, posttraumatic stress disorder, and symptoms of menopause, among others.[T653] It was approved by the FDA in the early 1990s and marketed by SmithKline Beecham.[L7712,L7715] A unique feature of this drug is that it is highly potent and selective in its inhibition of serotonin reuptake and has little effect on other neurotransmitters.[A31914] Because of its potent inhibition of serotonin reuptake, paroxetine is more likely to cause withdrawal effects upon cessation. Paroxetine is well tolerated in most patients with a similar adverse effect profile to other members of its drug class.[A31914] The controlled release formulation was designed to decrease the likelihood of nausea that is sometimes associated with paroxetine.[L7700,L7742]		
DB00716	Nedocromil	approved,investigational	A pyranoquinolone derivative that inhibits activation of inflammatory cells which are associated with asthma, including eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, mast cells, monocytes, and platelets.		
DB00717	Norethisterone	approved	Norethisterone, also known as norethindrone, is a synthetic progestational hormone belonging to the 19-nortestosterone-derived class of progestins.[A10367] It is further classified as a second-generation progestin, along with [levonorgestrel] and its derivatives, and is the active form of several other progestins including [norethynodrel] and [lynestrenol].[A10367] Norethisterone mimics the actions of endogenous [progesterone], albeit with a greater potency,[A188075] and is used on its own or in combination with estrogen derivatives in a variety of applications including contraception and hormone replacement therapy.[L9527,L10301,L10304,L10307] First derived in 1951 in Mexico City, norethisterone was originally intended for use as a remedy for irregular menstruation and endometriosis, and was not marketed for use as an oral contraceptive until 1962.[L10439]		
DB00718	Adefovir dipivoxil	approved,investigational	Adefovir dipivoxil, previously called bis-POM PMEA, with trade names Preveon and Hepsera, is an orally-administered acyclic nucleotide analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (ntRTI) used for treatment of hepatitis B. It is ineffective against HIV-1. Adefovir dipivoxil is the diester prodrug of adefovir.	Adefovir Dipivoxil Metabolism Pathway	
DB00719	Azatadine	approved	Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.	Azatadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00720	Clodronic acid	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Clodronic acid is a first generation bisphosphonate similar to [etidronic acid] and [tiludronic acid].[A203111] These drugs were developed to mimic the action of pyrophosphate, a regulator of calcification and decalcification.[A1923] clodronate’s use has decreased over the years in favor of the third generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate [zoledronic acid], [ibandronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid].[A203111]Clodronic acid is not FDA approved, but is approved in Canada.[L13910]		
DB00721	Procaine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A local anesthetic of the ester type that has a slow onset and a short duration of action. It is mainly used for infiltration anesthesia, peripheral nerve block, and spinal block. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1016). Procaine has also been investigated as an oral entry inhibitor in treatment-experienced HIV patients [L1215].	Procaine Action Pathway	
DB00722	Lisinopril	approved,investigational	Lisinopril is an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) used to treat hypertension, heart failure, and myocardial infarction.[L8384,L8387,L8390] Lisinopril and [captopril] are the only ACEIs that are not prodrugs.[A184853] It functions by inhibition of angiotensin converting enzyme as well as the renin angiotensin aldosterone system.[A184781,A184808,A184817] ACEIs are commonly used as a first line therapy in the treatment of hypertension, along with thiazide diuretics or beta blockers.[A184844]Lisinopril was granted FDA approval on 29 December 1987.[L8384]	Lisinopril Action Pathway	
DB00723	Methoxamine	approved,investigational	An alpha-adrenergic agonist that causes prolonged peripheral vasoconstriction. It has little if any direct effect on the central nervous system.		
DB00724	Imiquimod	approved,investigational	Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts as a toll-like receptor 7 agonist. Imiquimod is commonly used topically to treat warts on the skin of the genital and anal areas. Imiquimod does not cure warts, and new warts may appear during treatment. Imiquimod does not fight the viruses that cause warts directly, however, it does help to relieve and control wart production. Miquimod is also used to treat a skin condition of the face and scalp called actinic keratoses and certain types of skin cancer called superficial basal cell carcinoma.		
DB00725	Homatropine methylbromide	approved	Homatropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist belonging to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.		
DB00726	Trimipramine	approved	Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties.		
DB00727	Nitroglycerin	approved,investigational	Nitroglycerin is a vasodilator drug used for the treatment of chest pain and high blood pressure.[T628,L4429] It was first approved in 2000 and is currently marketed by Pfizer, and other companies, depending on the dosage form.[T628,L4894] Nitroglycerin is available in various forms, including a spray form, sublingual tablet form, intravenous form, extended-release tablet form, and transdermal form.  A less commonly known fact is that in addition to treating angina, nitroglycerin is also used in an ointment to treat the pain that accompanies anal fissures. The rectal ointment form of nitroglycerin was approved by the FDA in 1955.[L7096]		
DB00728	Rocuronium	approved	Rocuronium (rapid onset-curonium) is a desacetoxy analogue of vecuronium with a more rapid onset of action. It is an aminosteroid non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocker or muscle relaxant used in modern anaesthesia, to facilitate endotracheal intubation and to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation. Introduced in 1994, rocuronium has rapid onset, and intermediate duration of action. It is commonly marketed under the trade names Zemuron and Esmeron. The drug is associated with the risk of developing allergic reactions in some high-risk patients, such as those with asthma. However, there was a similar incidence of allergic reactions associated with other non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents. [Sugammadex] is a γ-cyclodextrin derivative that has been introduced as a novel agent to reverse the action of rocuronium.		
DB00730	Thiabendazole	approved,vet_approved	2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)		
DB00731	Nateglinide	approved,investigational	Nateglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to β cells of the pancreas to stimulate insulin release. Nateglinide is an amino acid derivative that induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skipped with any skipped meal. Approximately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused by meglitinides appears to be lower than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those naïve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk is thought to be lower than that of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Nateglinide is extensively metabolized in the liver and excreted in urine (83%) and feces (10%). The major metabolites possess less activity than the parent compound. One minor metabolite, the isoprene, has the same potency as its parent compound.	Nateglinide Action Pathway	
DB00732	Atracurium besylate	approved	A non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent with short duration of action. Its lack of significant cardiovascular effects and its lack of dependence on good kidney function for elimination provide clinical advantage over alternate non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents.		
DB00733	Pralidoxime	approved,vet_approved	Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. If given within 24 hours,after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the enzyme cholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.		
DB00734	Risperidone	approved,investigational	Risperidone is a second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) medication used in the treatment of a number of mood and mental health conditions including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.[L12885] It is one of the most widely used SGAs. [Paliperidone], another commonly used SGA, is the primary active metabolite of risperidone (i.e. 9-hydroxyrisperidone).[L12885]Schizophrenia and various mood disorders are thought to be caused by an excess of dopaminergic D2 and serotonergic 5-HT2A activity, resulting in overactivity of central mesolimbic pathways and mesocortical pathways, respectively.[L1212,L1213] Risperidone is thought to reduce this overactivity through inhibition of dopaminergic D2 receptors and serotonergic 5-HT2A receptors in the brain.[L1213,A1115]Risperidone binds with a very high affinity to 5-HT2A receptors, approximately 10-20 fold greater than the drug's binding affinity to D2 receptors,[L1212,L1213,A1115] and carries lesser activity at several off-targets which may responsible for some of its undesirable effects.[L12885]		
DB00735	Naftifine	approved	Naftifine is a synthetic, broad spectrum, antifungal agent and allylamine derivative for the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum.		
DB00736	Esomeprazole	approved,investigational	Esomeprazole, sold under the brand name Nexium, is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) medication used for the management of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), for gastric protection to prevent recurrence of stomach ulcers or gastric damage from chronic use of NSAIDs, and for the treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions including Zollinger-Ellison (ZE) Syndrome. It can also be found in quadruple regimens for the treatment of _H. pylori_ infections along with other antibiotics including [DB01060], [DB01211], and [DB00916], for example.[A177271, F4498] Its efficacy is considered similar to other medications within the PPI class including [DB00338], [DB00213], [DB00448], [DB05351], and [DB01129]. Esomeprazole is the s-isomer of [DB00338], which is a racemate of the S- and R-enantiomer. Esomeprazole has been shown to inhibit acid secretion to a similar extent as [DB00338], without any significant differences between the two compounds _in vitro_. Esomeprazole exerts its stomach acid-suppressing effects by preventing the final step in gastric acid production by covalently binding to sulfhydryl groups of cysteines found on the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme at the secretory surface of gastric parietal cells. This effect leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion, irrespective of the stimulus. As the binding of esomeprazole to the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme is irreversible and new enzyme needs to be expressed in order to resume acid secretion, esomeprazole's duration of antisecretory effect persists longer than 24 hours.[FDA Label]PPIs such as esomeprazole have also been shown to inhibit the activity of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH), an enzyme necessary for cardiovascular health. DDAH inhibition causes a consequent accumulation of the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor asymmetric dimethylarginie (ADMA), which is thought to cause the association of PPIs with increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with unstable coronary syndromes.[A177577, A177580]Due to their good safety profile and as several PPIs are available over the counter without a prescription, their current use in North America is widespread. Long term use of PPIs such as esomeprazole has been associated with possible adverse effects, however, including increased susceptibility to bacterial infections (including gastrointestinal _C. difficile_), reduced absorption of micronutrients such as iron and B12, and an increased risk of developing hypomagnesemia and hypocalcemia which may contribute to osteoporosis and bone fractures later in life.[A177571]Rapid discontinuation of PPIs such as esomeprazole may cause a rebound effect and a short term increase in hypersecretion.[A177574] Esomeprazole doses should be slowly lowered, or tapered, before discontinuing to prevent this rebound effect.	Esomeprazole Metabolism Pathway,Esomeprazole Action Pathway	
DB00737	Meclizine	approved	Meclizine is a histamine H1 antagonist with antiemetic and antivertigo properties. It is used in the symptomatic treatment of motion sickness and control of vertigo associated with vestibular system diseases. It also exhibits anticholinergic, central nervous system depressant, and local anesthetic effects.[L6760] Commonly marketed under the brand name Antivert in the U.S., meclizine is available as oral tablets.	Meclizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00738	Pentamidine	approved,investigational	Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of pneumocystis pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. It may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system damage, and other toxic effects.		
DB00739	Hetacillin	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn	Hetacillin is a penicillin beta-lactam antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible, usually gram-positive, organisms. The name "penicillin" can either refer to several variants of penicillin available, or to the group of antibiotics derived from the penicillins. Hetacillin has in vitro activity against gram-positive and gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The bactericidal activity of Hetacillin results from the inhibition of cell wall synthesis and is mediated through Hetacillin binding to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs). Hetacillin has been withdrawn from the market since it has been discovered that it has no therapeutic advantage compared to non-ester derivatives like ampicillin.		
DB00740	Riluzole	approved,investigational	A glutamate antagonist (receptors, glutamate) used as an anticonvulsant (anticonvulsants) and to prolong the survival of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Riluzole is marketed as Rilutek by Sanofi.		
DB00741	Hydrocortisone	approved,vet_approved	Hydrocortisone, or cortisol, is a glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex.[A188387] Hydrocortisone is used to treat immune, inflammatory, and neoplastic conditions.[L10529,L10532,L10535,L10538,L7772,L7321] It was discovered in the 1930s by Edward Kendall and named Compound F, or 17-hydroxycorticosterone.[A188420]Hydrocortisone was granted FDA approval on 5 August 1952.[L10574]	Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 5 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 17 alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase I Deficiency (CMO I),3-beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Corticotropin Activation of Cortisol Production,Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,11-beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP11B1),Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess Syndrome,Steroidogenesis,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 3 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency,17-alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP17),21-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP21),Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase II Deficiency (CMO II)	
DB00742	Mannitol	approved,investigational	Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.On October 30, 2020, mannitol was approved by the FDA as add-on maintenance therapy for the control of pulmonary symptoms associated with cystic fibrosis in adult patients and is currently marketed for this indication under the name BRONCHITOL® by Chiesi USA Inc.[L20024]		
DB00743	Gadobenic acid	approved,investigational	Gadobenic acid (in the form of gadobenate dimeglumine) is an MRI contrast agent used primarily for MR imaging of the liver. It can also be used for visualizing the CNS and heart. In contrast to conventional extracellular fluid contrast agents, gadobenate dimeglumine is characterized by a weak and transient binding capacity to serum proteins. This binding leads to an increased relaxivity of gadobenate dimeglumine and, consequently, to a considerably increased signal intensity over that of other agents.		
DB00744	Zileuton	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Leukotrienes are substances that induce numerous biological effects including augmentation of neutrophil and eosinophil migration, neutrophil and monocyte aggregation, leukocyte adhesion, increased capillary permeability, and smooth muscle contraction. These effects contribute to inflammation, edema, mucus secretion, and bronchoconstriction in the airways of asthmatic patients. Zileuton relieves such symptoms through its selective inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the formation of leukotrienes from arachidonic acid. Specifically, it inhibits leukotriene LTB4, LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4 formation. Both the R(+) and S(-) enantiomers are pharmacologically active as 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors in in vitro systems. The immediate release tablet of Zileuton has been withdrawn from the US market.		
DB00745	Modafinil	approved,investigational	Modafinil is a stimulant drug marketed as a 'wakefulness promoting agent' and is one of the stimulants used in the treatment of narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is caused by dysfunction of a family of wakefulness-promoting and sleep-suppressing peptides, the orexins, whose neurons are activated by modafinil. The prexin neuron activation is associated with psychoactivation and euphoria. The exact mechanism of action is unclear, although in vitro studies have shown it to inhibit the reuptake of dopamine by binding to the dopamine reuptake pump, and lead to an increase in extracellular dopamine. Modafinil activates glutamatergic circuits while inhibiting GABA.		
DB00746	Deferoxamine	approved,investigational	Natural product isolated from Streptomyces pilosus. It forms iron complexes and is used as a chelating agent, particularly in the mesylate form.		
DB00747	Scopolamine	approved,investigational	An alkaloid from Solanaceae, especially Datura metel L. and Scopola carniolica. Scopolamine and its quaternary derivatives act as antimuscarinics like atropine, but may have more central nervous system effects. Among the many uses are as an anesthetic premedication, in urinary incontinence, in motion sickness, as an antispasmodic, and as a mydriatic and cycloplegic.		
DB00748	Carbinoxamine	approved	Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state "do not use" in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unapproved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cause serious health risks.	Carbinoxamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00749	Etodolac	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.	Etodolac Action Pathway	
DB00750	Prilocaine	approved	A local anesthetic that is similar pharmacologically to lidocaine. Currently, it is used most often for infiltration anesthesia in dentistry. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p165)	Prilocaine Action Pathway	
DB00751	Epinastine	approved,investigational	Epinastine is used for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. It has a multi-action effect that inhibits the allergic response in 3 ways: 1. stabilizes mast cells by preventing mast cell degranulation to control the allergic response, 2. prevents histamine binding to both the H1- and H2-receptors to stop itching and provide lasting protection, and 3. prevents the release of proinflammatory chemical mediators from the blood vessel to halt progression of the allergic response.	Epinastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00752	Tranylcypromine	approved,investigational	A propylamine formed from the cyclization of the side chain of amphetamine. This monoamine oxidase inhibitor is effective in the treatment of major depression, dysthymic disorder, and atypical depression. It also is useful in panic and phobic disorders (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p311). Tranylcypromine is a racemate comprising equal amounts of (1R,2S)- and (1S,2R)-2-phenylcyclopropan-1-amine with the chiral centers both located on the cylopropane ring. An irreversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor that is used as an antidepressant (INN tranylcypromine).		
DB00753	Isoflurane	approved,vet_approved	A stable, non-explosive inhalation anesthetic, relatively free from significant side effects.		
DB00754	Ethotoin	approved	Ethotoin is a hydantoin derivative and anticonvulsant. Ethotoin exerts an antiepileptic effect without causing general central nervous system depression. The mechanism of action is probably very similar to that of phenytoin. The latter drug appears to stabilize rather than to raise the normal seizure threshold, and to prevent the spread of seizure activity rather than to abolish the primary focus of seizure discharges. Ethotoin is no longer  commonly used.		
DB00755	Tretinoin	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Tretinoin, also known as all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A (retinol). Retinoids such as tretinoin are important regulators of cell reproduction, proliferation, and differentiation and are used to treat acne and photodamaged skin and to manage keratinization disorders such as ichthyosis and keratosis follicularis. Tretinoin also represents the class of anticancer drugs called differentiating agents and is used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).	Retinol Metabolism,Vitamin A Deficiency	
DB00756	Hexachlorophene	approved,withdrawn	A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations used for skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)		
DB00757	Dolasetron	approved,investigational	Dolasetron is an antinauseant and antiemetic agent indicated for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with moderately-emetogenic cancer chemotherapy and for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Dolasetron is a highly specific and selective serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. This drug is not shown to have activity at other known serotonin receptors, and has low affinity for dopamine receptors.		
DB00758	Clopidogrel	approved	Clopidogrel is a prodrug of a platelet inhibitor used to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction and stroke.[A180508,L7213] Clopidogrel is indicated to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction for patients with non-ST elevated acute coronary syndrome (ACS), patients with ST-elevated myocardial infarction, and in recent MI, stroke, or established peripheral arterial disease,[L7213]It has been shown to be superior to [aspirin] in reducing cardiovascular outcomes in patients with cardiovascular disease and provides additional benefit to patients with acute coronary syndromes already taking aspirin.[A180547]Clopidogrel was granted FDA approval on 17 November 1997.[L7213]	Clopidogrel Action Pathway,Clopidogrel Metabolism Pathway	
DB00759	Tetracycline	approved,vet_approved	Tetracycline is a broad spectrum polyketide antibiotic produced by the Streptomyces genus of Actinobacteria. It exerts a bacteriostatic effect on bacteria by binding reversible to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and blocking incoming aminoacyl tRNA from binding to the ribosome acceptor site. It also binds to some extent to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit and may alter the cytoplasmic membrane causing intracellular components to leak from bacterial cells.	Tetracycline Action Pathway	
DB00760	Meropenem	approved,investigational	Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem antibiotic. It is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Meropenem exerts its action by penetrating bacterial cells readily and interfering with the synthesis of vital cell wall components, which leads to cell death.In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name vabomere was approved for treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of meropenem and [DB12107] and is intravenously admininstered. The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms and achieve negative urine culture, where the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.		
DB00761	Potassium chloride	approved,withdrawn	A white crystal or crystalline powder used as an electrolyte replenisher, in the treatment of hypokalemia, in buffer solutions, and in fertilizers and explosives.		
DB00762	Irinotecan	approved,investigational	Irinotecan is an antineoplastic enzyme inhibitor primarily used in the treatment of colorectal cancer. It is a derivative of camptothecin that inhibits the action of topoisomerase I. Irinotecan prevents religation of the DNA strand by binding to topoisomerase I-DNA complex, and causes double-strand DNA breakage and cell death. It is a derivative of camptothecin. Irinotecan was approved for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer in October, 2015 (irinotecan liposome injection, trade name Onivyde).	Irinotecan Metabolism Pathway,Irinotecan Action Pathway	
DB00763	Methimazole	approved	Methimazole is a thionamide antithyroid agent that inhibits the synthesis of thyroid hormones.[A184559,A184733,A184694] It was first introduced as an antithyroid agent in 1949[A184502] and is now commonly used in the management of hyperthyroidism, particularly in those for whom more aggressive options such as surgery or radioactive iodine therapy are inappropriate.[L8336,L8339]On a weight basis, methimazole is 10 times more potent than the other major antithyroid thionamide used in North America, [propylthiouracil],[L8339] and is the active metabolite of the pro-drug [carbimazole], which is an antithyroid medication used in the United Kingdom and parts of the former British Commonwealth.[A184733] Traditionally, methimazole has been preferentially used over propylthiouracil due to the risk of fulminant hepatotoxicity carried by the latter,[A184757] with propylthiouracil being preferred in pregnancy due to a perceived lower risk of teratogenic effects. Despite documented teratogenic effects in its published labels,[L8336,L8339] the true teratogenicity of methimazole appears to be unclear[A184643,A184757,A184763] and its place in therapy may change in the future.		
DB00764	Mometasone	experimental	Mometasone is a corticosteroid not currently used in medical products. [Mometasone furoate] however, is still in use.		
DB00765	Metyrosine	approved	An inhibitor of the enzyme tyrosine 3-monooxygenase, and consequently of the synthesis of catecholamines. It is used to control the symptoms of excessive sympathetic stimulation in patients with pheochromocytoma. (Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed)		
DB00766	Clavulanic acid	approved,vet_approved	Clavulanic acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor that is frequently combined with [Amoxicillin] or [Ticarcillin] to fight antibiotic resistance by preventing their degradation by beta-lactamase enzymes, broadening their spectrum of susceptible bacterial infections.[T665] Clavulanic acid is derived from the organism Streptomyces clavuligerus.[A182228]When it is combined with amoxicillin, clavulanic acid is frequently known as Augmentin, Co-Amoxiclav, or Clavulin.[L7880,L7904,L7910]		
DB00767	Benzquinamide	withdrawn	Benzquinamide is a discontinued antiemetic compound with antihistaminic, mild anticholinergic, and sedative properties. The mechanism of action is not known, but presumably benzquinamide works via antagonism of muscarinic acetycholine receptors and histamine H1 receptors.		
DB00768	Olopatadine	approved	Olopatadine is a selective histamine H1 antagonist and mast cell stabilizer that works by attenuating inflammatory and allergic reactions. It is a structural analog of [doxepin], which has a minimal anti-allergic activity.[L6790] Olopatadine works by blocking the effects of histamine, which is a primary inflammatory mediator that causes inflammatory and allergic reactions. An ophthalmic solution of olopatadine was approved by the FDA and European Union for the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic conjunctivitis in 1996 and 2002, respectively.[A1172] In comparison to other anti-allergenic ophthalmic medications, olopatadine displays a good comfort and tolerability profile since it does not cause perturbation of cell membranes.[A179809] Olopatadine is used for the symptomatic treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis in ophthalmic formulations and seasonal allergic rhinitis in intranasal formulations. It is currently marketed under several brand names, including Pazeo, Patanase, and Opatanol.	Olopatadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00769	Hydrocortamate	approved	Hydrocortamate is a synthetic glucocorticoid used for its anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressive properties to treat inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Glucocorticoids are a class of steroid hormones characterised by an ability to bind with the cortisol receptor and trigger a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic effects.		
DB00770	Alprostadil	approved,investigational	Alprostadil is produced endogenously and causes vasodilation by means of a direct effect on vascular and ductus arteriosus (DA) smooth muscle, preventing or reversing the functional closure of the DA that occurs shortly after birth. This results in increased pulmonary or systemic blood flow in infants. In infants, it is used for palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. In adults, it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.		
DB00771	Clidinium	approved	Clidinium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. It inhibits muscarinic actions of acetylcholine at postganglionic parasympathetic neuroeffector sites. It is used for the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.		
DB00772	Malathion	approved,investigational	Malathion is a parasympathomimetic organophosphate compound that is used as an insecticide for the treatment of head lice. Malathion is an irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor and has low human toxicity.		
DB00773	Etoposide	approved	A semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin that exhibits antitumor activity. Etoposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent entry into the mitotic phase of cell division, and lead to cell death. Etoposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle.	Etoposide Metabolism Pathway,Etoposide Action Pathway	
DB00774	Hydroflumethiazide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p822)	Hydroflumethiazide Action Pathway	
DB00775	Tirofiban	approved	Tirofiban prevents the blood from clotting during episodes of chest pain or a heart attack, or while the patient is undergoing a procedure to treat a blocked coronary artery. It is a non-peptide reversible antagonist of the platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor, and inhibits platelet aggregation.	Tirofiban Action Pathway	
DB00776	Oxcarbazepine	approved	Oxcarbazepine is an anti-epileptic medication used in the treatment of partial onset seizures that was first approved for use in the United States in 2000.[L8627,L8630,L863] It is a structural derivative of [carbamazepine][A186101] and exerts a majority of its activity via a pharmacologically active metabolite, MHD, which exists as a racemate in the blood - a pro-drug of the more active (S)-enantiomer is also marketed as a separate anti-epileptic under the name [eslicarbazepine].[A186011] Compared to other anti-epileptic drugs, which are generally metabolized via the cytochrome P450 system, oxcarbazepine has a reduced propensity for involvement in drug-drug interactions owing to its primarily reductive metabolism.[A186032]	Carbamazepine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00777	Propiomazine	approved	Propiomazine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, propiomazine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors.	Propiomazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00778	Roxithromycin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Roxithromycin is a semi-synthethic macrolide antibiotic that is structurally and pharmacologically similar to [erythromycin], [azithromycin], or [clarithromycin]. It was shown to be more effective against certain Gram-negative bacteria, particularly _Legionella pneumophila_. Roxithromycin exerts its antibacterial action by binding to the bacterial ribosome and interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. It is marketed in Australia as a treatment for respiratory tract, urinary and soft tissue infections.	Roxithromycin Action Pathway	
DB00779	Nalidixic acid	approved,investigational	Nalidixic acid is a synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase.		
DB00780	Phenelzine	approved	Phenelzine, with the formula β-phenylethylhydrazine, is a monoamine oxidase inhibiting antidepressant that is effective in the treatment of panic disorder and social anxiety disorder.[A15753] It was developed by Parke Davis and originally FDA approved on June 9th, 1961. It is currently approved under prescription by the name of Nardil.		
DB00782	Propantheline	approved	A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking.		
DB00783	Estradiol	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol is a naturally occurring hormone circulating endogenously in females. It is commercially available in several hormone therapy products for managing conditions associated with reduced estrogen, such as vulvovaginal atrophy and hot flashes. Some available forms of estradiol include oral tablets, injections, vaginal rings, transdermal patches, sprays, gels, and creams.[L11485,L11488,L11491, L11494,L11497,L11500,L11503] When used for oral or IM administration, estradiol is commonly synthesized as a pro-drug ester (such as [DB13952], [DB13953], [DB13954], [DB13955], and [DB13956]). Because it has a low oral bioavailability on its own, estradiol is commonly formulated with an ester side-chain. [DB00977] (EE) is a synthetic form of estradiol commonly used as the estrogenic component of most combination oral contraceptive pills (OCPs). Ethinyl estradiol is different from estradiol due to its higher biovailability and increased resistance to metabolism, rendering it more suitable for oral administration.	Estrone Metabolism,17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB00784	Mefenamic acid	approved	A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. It is an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase.	Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00785	Cryptenamine	approved	Cryptenamine is a mixture of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). It has been used in the treatment of hypertension but has largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. Cryptenamine has a marked and re-producible depressor effect when given intravenously to hypertensive patients, however the mechanism of action is not known.		
DB00786	Marimastat	investigational	Used in the treatment of cancer, Marmiastat is an angiogenesis and metastasis inhibitor. As an angiogenesis inhibitor it limits the growth and production of blood vessels. As an antimetatstatic agent it prevents malignant cells from breaching the basement membranes.		
DB00787	Acyclovir	approved	Acyclovir is a nucleotide analog antiviral used to treat herpes simplex, _Varicella zoster_, herpes zoster, herpes labialis, and acute herpetic keratitis[L7303,L7315,L7318,L7321,L7324,L7327]. Acyclovir is generally used first line in the treatment of these viruses and some products are indicated for patients as young as 6 years old.[L7321]Acyclovir was granted FDA approval on 29 March 1982.[L7318]		
DB00788	Naproxen	approved,vet_approved	Naproxen is classified as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory dug (NSAID) and was initially approved for prescription use in 1976 and then for over-the-counter (OTC) use in 1994.[A178975] It can effectively manage acute pain as well as pain related to rheumatic diseases, and has a well studied adverse effect profile.[A179098] Given its overall tolerability and effectiveness, naproxen can be considered a first line treatment for a variety of clinical situations requiring analgesia.[A179098] Naproxen is available in both immediate and delayed release formulations, in combination with sumatriptan to treat migraines, and in combination with esomeprazole to lower the risk of developing gastric ulcers.[L6582][L6583][L7309][L7312]	Naproxen Action Pathway	
DB00789	Gadopentetic acid	approved	A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)		
DB00790	Perindopril	approved	Perindopril is a nonsulfhydryl prodrug that belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is rapidly metabolized in the liver to perindoprilat, its active metabolite, following oral administration. Perindoprilat is a potent, competitive inhibitor of ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Perindopril may be used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension, mild to moderate congestive heart failure, and to reduce the cardiovascular risk of individuals with hypertension or post-myocardial infarction and stable coronary disease.	Perindopril Action Pathway	
DB00791	Uracil mustard	approved	Nitrogen mustard derivative of uracil. It is a alkylating antineoplastic agent that is used in lymphatic malignancies, and causes mainly gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage.		
DB00792	Tripelennamine	approved,vet_approved	A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically.	Tripelennamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00793	Haloprogin	approved,withdrawn	Haloprogin is used as a topical ointment or cream in the treatment of Tinea infections. Tinea infections are superficial fungal infections caused by three species of fungi collectively known as dermatophytes (Trichophyton, Microsporum and Epidermophyton). Commonly these infections are named for the body part affected, including tinea corporis (general skin), tinea cruris (groin), and tinea pedis (feet). Haloprogin is a halogenated phenolic ether administered topically for dermotaphytic infections. The mechanism of action is unknown, but it is thought to be via inhibition of oxygen uptake and disruption of yeast membrane structure and function. Haloprogin is no longer available in the United States and has been discontinued.		
DB00794	Primidone	approved,vet_approved	Primidone is an anticonvulsant used to treat essential tremor as well as grand mal, psychomotor, and focal epileptic seizures.[L11112] Primidone was developed by J Yule Bogue and H C Carrington in 1949.[A189522]Primidone was granted FDA Approval on 8 March 1954.[L11112]		
DB00795	Sulfasalazine	approved	A drug that is used in the management of inflammatory bowel diseases. Its activity is generally considered to lie in its metabolic breakdown product, 5-aminosalicylic acid (see mesalamine) released in the colon. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p907)		
DB00796	Candesartan cilexetil	approved	Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is administered orally as the prodrug, candesartan cilexetil, which is rapidly converted to its active metabolite, candesartan, during absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Candesartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.	Candesartan Action Pathway	
DB00797	Tolazoline	approved,vet_approved	A vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanisms of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.		
DB00798	Gentamicin	approved,vet_approved	A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).	Gentamicin Action Pathway	
DB00799	Tazarotene	approved,investigational	Tazarotene, commonly marketed as Tazorac®, Avage®, and Zorac®, is member of the acetylenic class of retinoids. It is a prodrug that is found in topical formulations used in the treatment of various conditons, such as psoriasis, acne, and sun damaged skin (photodamage).		
DB00800	Fenoldopam	approved	A dopamine D1 receptor agonist that is used as an antihypertensive agent. It lowers blood pressure through arteriolar vasodilation.		
DB00801	Halazepam	approved,illicit,withdrawn	Halazepam is a _benzodiazepine_ derivative drug exerting anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, a muscle relaxing effects.[A1212, A178114] It has been shown to be less toxic than chlordiazepoxide or diazepam.[A1212] This drug is no longer marketed in the United States, and was withdrawn by _Schering_, its manufacturer, in 2009.[L6226, L6229]		
DB00802	Alfentanil	approved,illicit	A short-acting opioid anesthetic and analgesic derivative of fentanyl. It produces an early peak analgesic effect and fast recovery of consciousness. Alfentanil is effective as an anesthetic during surgery, for supplementation of analgesia during surgical procedures, and as an analgesic for critically ill patients.	Alfentanil Action Pathway	
DB00803	Colistin	approved	Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus colistinus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or Colistins A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. Colistin is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally.		
DB00804	Dicyclomine	approved	Dicyclomine is a muscarinic M1 and M2 receptor antagonist as well as a non-competitive inhibitor of histamine and bradykinin used to treat spasms of the intestines seen in functional bowel disorder and irritable bowel syndrome.[A6556,A182555,L7967] Though it is commonly prescribed, its recommendation may have been based on a small amount of evidence and so its prescription is becoming less favourable.[L7982]Dicyclomine was granted FDA approval on 11 May 1950.[L7967]		
DB00805	Minaprine	approved	Minaprine is a psychotropic drug which has proved to be effective in the treatment of various depressive states. Like most antidepressants minaprine antagonizes behavioral despair. Minaprine  is an amino-phenylpyridazine antidepressant reported to be relatively free of cardiotoxicity, drowsiness, and weight gain.		
DB00806	Pentoxifylline	approved,investigational	A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]		
DB00807	Proparacaine	approved,vet_approved	Proparacaine is a topical anesthetic drug of the amino ester group. It is found in ophthalmic solutions at a concentration of 0.5% as the hydrochloride salt.	Proparacaine Action Pathway	
DB00808	Indapamide	approved	The most significant modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease and the most prominent contributor to all-cause mortality is hypertension.[A204155] Characterized by an office blood pressure of ≥140/90, hypertension is pervasive and impacts an estimated 25% of adults globally.[A204155] Treatment for hypertension should include a number of lifestyle changes (ie. reduced sodium intake) along with pharmacotherapy - it should be noted that treatment with several antihypertensive agents may be required in order to achieve blood pressure targets.[A204155]Thiazide-like diuretics such as indapamide are a valuable tool for the treatment of hypertension and continue to grow in popularity, falling behind only ACE inhibitors in terms of prescription frequency.[A204134] When compared to [hydrochlorothiazide] (another commonly prescribed diuretic), indapamide has been shown to be superior at lowering systolic blood pressure, reducing left ventricular mass index, lowering oxidative stress, inhibiting platelet aggregation, and reducing microalbuminuria associated with diabetes.[A204134] Interestingly, unlike thiazide diuretics, several sources suggest that indapamide is not associated with glucose or lipid disturbances.[A204134,A204161] Indapamide is characterized by both a methylindoline and a sulfamoyl chlorobenzamide functional group, with the former being largely responsible for the molecule’s lipid solubility.[A204158]	Indapamide Action Pathway	
DB00809	Tropicamide	approved,investigational	One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]		
DB00810	Biperiden	approved,investigational	A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine.		
DB00811	Ribavirin	approved	Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and [DB00008]/[DB00022] dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [A19626]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [A19626]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed [DB00008]/[DB00022] and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [A19645]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [A19644]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving [DB09102] and [DB08934], Eplusa ([DB08934], [DB11613]), Harvoni ([DB08934], [DB09027]), [DB06290] and [DB08934], Viekira Pak ([DB09296], [DB09297], [DB00503], [DB09183]), Technivie ([DB00503], [DB09296], [DB09297]) and Zepatier ([DB11574], [DB11575]). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [L852]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and [DB00008] results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.		
DB00812	Phenylbutazone	approved,vet_approved	A drug that has anti-inflammatory, antipyretic, and analgesic activities. It is especially effective in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis. It also is useful in rheumatoid arthritis and Reiter&#39;s syndrome (investigational indication). Although phenylbutazone is effective in gouty arthritis, risk/benefit considerations indicate that this drug should not be employed for this disease. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p1822)	Phenylbutazone Action Pathway	
DB00813	Fentanyl	approved,illicit,investigational,vet_approved	Fentanyl, a potent opioid agonist, was developed in the 1950s to fill a need for strong and rapid analgesia.[A179542] Because of these characteristics, fentanyl is commonly used to treat chronic cancer pain or in anesthesia.[Label,L6598,L6601,L6604,L6607,L922,L6610,L6613] Fentanyl is related to other opioids like [morphine] and [oxycodone].Fentanyl's high potency has also made it a common adulterant in illicit drugs, especially heroin.[A179542] In 2017, 47600 overdose deaths in the United States involved some opioid (over 2/3 of all overdose deaths).[L6748] Opioid overdoses kill an average of 11 Canadians daily.[L6751]Fentanyl was FDA approved in 1968.[Label,L6598,L6601,L6604,L6607,L922,L6610,L6613]	Fentanyl Action Pathway	
DB00814	Meloxicam	approved,vet_approved	Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to relieve various types of pain, including pain caused by musculoskeletal conditions, osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.[A190189] With a longer half-life than most other NSAIDS, it is a favorable option for those who require once-daily dosing. Meloxicam is available in oral, transdermal, and intravenous formulations. It is a preferential COX-2 inhibitor, purportedly reducing the risk of adverse gastrointestinal tract effects, however, this is a topic of controversy.[A190198,A190201]	Meloxicam Action Pathway	
DB00815	Sodium lauryl sulfate	experimental	Sodium Lauryl Sulfate (SLS) is an anionic surfactant naturally derived from coconut and/or palm kernel oil. It usually consists of a mixture of sodium alkyl sulfates, mainly the lauryl. SLS lowers surface tension of aqueous solutions and is used as fat emulsifier, wetting agent, and detergent in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and toothpastes. It is also used in creams and pastes to properly disperse the ingredients and as research tool in protein biochemistry. SLS also has some microbicidal activity.		
DB00816	Orciprenaline	approved	A beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and bronchospasms. [PubChem]		
DB00817	Rosoxacin	approved,investigational	Rosoxacin is a quinolone derivative antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients. Rosoxacin is known to be effective against penicillin resistant strains and is a single dose orally administered drug, which avoids all complications of parenteral administration seen with penicillin, especially anaphylactic shock.		
DB00818	Propofol	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Propofol is an intravenous anaesthetic agent used for induction and maintenance of general anaesthesia. IV administration of propfol is used to induce unconsciousness after which anaesthesia may be maintained using a combination of medications. Recovery from propofol-induced anaesthesia is generally rapid and associated with less frequent side effects (e.g. drowsiness, nausea, vomiting) than with thiopental, methohexital, and etomidate. Propofol may be used prior to diagnostic procedures requiring anaesthesia, in the management of refractory status epilepticus, and for induction and/or maintenance of anaesthesia prior to and during surgeries.		
DB00819	Acetazolamide	approved,vet_approved	One of the carbonic anhydrase inhibitors that is sometimes effective against absence seizures. It is sometimes useful also as an adjunct in the treatment of tonic-clonic, myoclonic, and atonic seizures, particularly in women whose seizures occur or are exacerbated at specific times in the menstrual cycle. However, its usefulness is transient often because of rapid development of tolerance. Its antiepileptic effect may be due to its inhibitory effect on brain carbonic anhydrase, which leads to an increased transneuronal chloride gradient, increased chloride current, and increased inhibition. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1991, p337)		
DB00820	Tadalafil	approved,investigational	Tadalafil is an orally administered drug used to treat male erectile dysfunction (impotence). It is marketed worldwide under the brand name Cialis. It is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor. Tadalafil's distinguishing pharmacologic feature is its longer half-life (17.5 hours) compared with Viagra and Levitra (4-5 hours). This longer half-life results in a longer duration of action and is, in part, responsible for the Cialis nickname of the "weekend pill." This longer half-life also is the basis of current investigation for tadalafil's use in pulmonary arterial hypertension as a once-daily therapy.		
DB00821	Carprofen	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn	Carprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is used by veterinarians as a supportive treatment for the relief of arthritic symptoms in geriatric dogs. Carprofen was previously used in human medicine for over 10 years (1985-1995). It was generally well tolerated, with the majority of adverse effects being mild, such as gastro-intestinal pain and nausea, similar to those recorded with aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. It is no longer marketed for human usage, after being withdrawn on commercial grounds.	Carprofen Action Pathway	
DB00822	Disulfiram	approved	A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase.	Disulfiram Action Pathway	
DB00823	Ethynodiol diacetate	approved	A synthetic progestational hormone used alone or in combination with estrogens as an oral contraceptive. Although etynodiol or ethynodiol are sometimes used as a synonym for ethynodiol diacetate, what is usually being referred to is actually ethynodiol diacetate and not ethynodiol (which is a separate drug that has never been marketed, see [DB13866]).		
DB00824	Enprofylline	approved,experimental	Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.		
DB00825	Levomenthol	approved	Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. Forming clear or white waxy, crystalline substance, menthol is typically solid at room temperature. (-)-Menthol is the naturally-occurring and main form of menthol, and is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol mediates anesthetic properties and anti-irritating properties locally, thus it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritations.		
DB00826	Natamycin	approved	Amphoteric macrolide antifungal antibiotic from Streptomyces natalensis or S. chattanoogensis. It is used for a variety of fungal infections, mainly topically. [PubChem]		
DB00827	Cinoxacin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Synthetic antimicrobial related to oxolinic acid and nalidixic acid and used in urinary tract infections.		
DB00828	Fosfomycin	approved	An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces fradiae.		
DB00829	Diazepam	approved,illicit,investigational,vet_approved	A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic properties and a long duration of action. Its actions are mediated by enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid activity. It is used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p589)Given diazepam's storied history as a commonly used and effective medication for a variety of indications, contemporary advancements in the formulation and administration of the agent include the development and US FDA approval of an auto-injectable formulation for the rapid treatment of uncontrolled seizures in 2015-2016 [L5200]. Combining diazepam, a proven effective therapy for acute repetitive seizures, with an auto-injector designed for subcutaneous administration that is quickly and easily administered offers the potential for complete, consistent drug absorption and rapid onset of effect [L5200]. This current development is subsequently an important addition to the rescue therapy tool chest for patients with epilepsy [L5200].		
DB00830	Phenmetrazine	approved,illicit	A sympathomimetic drug used primarily as an appetite depressant. Its actions and mechanisms are similar to dextroamphetamine.		
DB00831	Trifluoperazine	approved,investigational	A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine. It is used as an antipsychotic and an antiemetic.		
DB00832	Phensuximide	approved	Phensuximide is a member of the succinimide class with anticonvulsant properties. It suppresses the paroxysmal three cycle per second spike and wave EEG pattern associated with lapses of consciousness in petit mal seizures. The frequency of attacks is reduced by depression of nerve transmission in the motor cortex.		
DB00833	Cefaclor	approved	Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic derivative of cephalexin.		
DB00834	Mifepristone	approved,investigational	Mifepristone is a progestational and glucocorticoid hormone antagonist. Its inhibition of progesterone induces bleeding during the luteal phase and in early pregnancy by releasing endogenous prostaglandins from the endometrium or decidua. As a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, the drug has been used to treat hypercortisolism in patients with nonpituitary cushing syndrome. The two marketed forms of mifepristone are Mifeprex® (mifepristone 200mg) and Korlym™ (mifepristone 300mg). Currently under investigation for use in psychotic depression (phase 3 trials).		
DB00835	Brompheniramine	approved	Histamine H1 antagonist used in treatment of allergies, rhinitis, and urticaria.	Brompheniramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00836	Loperamide	approved	One of the long-acting synthetic antidiarrheals; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release locally.		
DB00837	Progabide	experimental	Progabide is an analog and prodrug of gamma-aminobutyric acid. It is commonly used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has agonistic activity for both the GABAA and GABAB receptors. In clinical trials, progabide has been investigated for Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, clinical depression and anxiety disorder; its therapeutic effectiveness in these conditions is not fully elucidated.		
DB00838	Clocortolone	approved	Clocortolone is a medium potency corticosteroid that is often used as a topical cream for the relief of inflammatory oand pruritic (itching) arising from steroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.		
DB00839	Tolazamide	approved,investigational	A sulphonylurea hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of chlorpropamide.		
DB00840	Hydroxypropyl cellulose	approved	Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.		
DB00841	Dobutamine	approved	A beta-1 agonist catecholamine that has cardiac stimulant action without evoking vasoconstriction or tachycardia. It is proposed as a cardiotonic after myocardial infarction or open heart surgery.	Dobutamine Action Pathway	
DB00842	Oxazepam	approved	Oxazepam is an intermediate-acting, 3-hydroxybenzodiazepine used in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal and anxiety disorders. Oxazepam, like related 3-hydroxybenzodiazepine [lorazepam], is considered less susceptible to pharmacokinetic variability based on patient-specific factors (e.g. age, liver disease) - this feature is advantageous as compared to other benzodiazepines, and is likely owing in part to oxazepam's relatively simple metabolism.[A203516] It is an active metabolite of both [diazepam] and [temazepam][A39486] and undergoes very little biotransformation following absorption, making it unlikely to participate in pharmacokinetic interactions.[L13895]		
DB00843	Donepezil	approved	In 2016, the global burden of dementia was estimated to be 43.8 million, demonstrating a significant increase from a global prevalence of 20.2 million in 1990.[A182411] Donepezil, also known as Aricept, is a piperidine derivative acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used in the management of the dementia of Alzheimer's Disease, and in some cases, is used to manage other types of dementia. Donepezil was first approved by the FDA in 1996, and its extended-release form was approved in combination with [Memantine] in 2014 to manage moderate and severe forms of Alzheimer's dementia.[L7916,L7937] Though it does not alter the progression of Alzheimer's disease, donepezil is effective in managing the symptoms of its associated dementia.[T668]		
DB00844	Nalbuphine	approved	A narcotic used as a pain medication. It appears to be an agonist at kappa opioid receptors and an antagonist or partial agonist at mu opioid receptors. Nalbuphine is the only opioid analgesic that is not a controlled substance in the United States.	Nalbuphine Action Pathway	
DB00845	Clofazimine	approved,investigational	Clofazimine is a highly lipophilic antimicrobial riminophenazine dye used in combination with other agents, such as [dapsone], for the treatment of leprosy. It was originally described in 1957 and was the prototypical riminophenazine dye - a bright-red dye that, in its clinical use, results in long-lasting discoloration of the skin and bodily fluids.[A203144] Although it carries _in vitro_ activity against other mycobacterium, such as _Mycobacterium tuberculosis_, it is generally considered an ineffective treatment in comparison to classic tuberculosis treatments such as [rifampicin] and [isoniazid].[A203144]		
DB00846	Flurandrenolide	approved	A corticosteroid used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. It is usually employed as a cream or an ointment, and is also used as a polyethylene tape with an adhesive. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p733)		
DB00847	Cysteamine	approved,investigational	Cystinosis is a rare disease caused by mutations in the CTNS gene that encodes for cystinosin, a protein responsible for transporting cystine out of the cell lysosome. A defect in cystinosin function is followed by cystine accumulation throughout the body, especially the eyes and kidneys.[A218721]Several preparations of cysteamine exist for the treatment of cystinosis manifestations, some in capsule form, and others in ophthalmic solution form.[L15606,L15616] In particular, cystine deposits on the eye can cause significant discomfort throughout the day and require frequent treatment with eye drops, typically every waking hour.[L15611]On August 25th 2020, the first ophthalmic solution for cystinosis requiring only 4 daily treatments was granted FDA approval.[L15606]  Cysteamine eye drops are a practical and effective option for those affected by ocular cystinosis. Marketed by Recordati Rare Diseases Inc., CYSTADROPS® reduce the burden of multiple frequent medications normally administered to those with cystinosis.[L15601]	Taurine and Hypotaurine Metabolism,Pantothenate and CoA Biosynthesis	
DB00848	Levamisole	approved,investigational,vet_approved,withdrawn	Levamisole is an antihelminthic drug that was commonly used for the treatment of parasitic, viral, and bacterial infections. [A178117] It was manufactured by _Janssen_ and first used in 1969 as an agent to treat worm infestations[A178123] Levamisole was approved by the FDA in 1990 as an adjuvant treatment for colon cancer.[L6232] Prior to this, levamisole was used as an antirheumatic therapy in the 1970s and 1980s for patients with rheumatoid arthritis.[A178123] Because of its immunomodulatory effects, this drug has been studied in the treatment of various immune-mediated diseases, with some studies showing positive results. [A178117] This drug has also been used in combination with other drugs for the treatment of various cancers. [A178117, A178123] Levamisole was withdrawn from the American market in 2000 due to its ability to cause serious adverse effects, including agranulocytosis. [A178123] Interestingly, levamisole has been found as an adulterant in cocaine and can lead to a variety of adverse effects in individuals using this drug.[A178120]		
DB00849	Methylphenobarbital	approved	A barbiturate that is metabolized to phenobarbital. It has been used for similar purposes, especially in epilepsy, but there is no evidence mephobarbital offers any advantage over phenobarbital.		
DB00850	Perphenazine	approved	An antipsychotic phenothiazine derivative with actions and uses similar to those of chlorpromazine.		
DB00851	Dacarbazine	approved,investigational	An antineoplastic agent. It has significant activity against melanomas. (from Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p564). Dacarbazine with Oblimersen is in clinical trials for the treatment of malignant melanoma.		
DB00852	Pseudoephedrine	approved	Pseudoephedrine is structurally related to [ephedrine] but exerts a weaker effect on the sympathetic nervous system.[A188820,A188823] Both drugs naturally occur in in ephedra plant which have a history of use in traditional Eastern medicine and were first researched in the west in 1889.[A188823] The decongestant effect of pseudoephedrine was described in dogs in 1927.[A188823]		
DB00853	Temozolomide	approved,investigational	Temozolomide (Temodar and Temodal) is an oral alkylating agent used for the treatment of refractory anaplastic astrocytoma -- a type of cancerous brain tumor. Temozolomide is not active until it is converted at physiologic pH to the active form, 5-(3-methyltriazen-1-yl)imidazole-4-carboxamide (MTIC).		
DB00854	Levorphanol	approved	A narcotic analgesic that may be habit-forming. It is nearly as effective orally as by injection.	Levorphanol Action Pathway	
DB00855	Aminolevulinic acid	approved	A compound produced from succinyl-CoA and glycine as an intermediate in heme synthesis. It is used as a photochemotherapy for actinic keratosis. [PubChem]	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Porphyrin Metabolism,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Acute Intermittent Porphyria,Porphyria Variegata (PV),Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB00856	Chlorphenesin	approved,experimental			
DB00857	Terbinafine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal.[L9065,L9068] It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues.[A1279] Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (also called squalene epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.[A1279,A1281,L9068]Terbinafine hydrochloride was granted FDA approval on 30 December 1992.[L9064]		
DB00858	Drostanolone	illicit	Drostanolone (also known as dromostanolone) is a potent synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid similar to testosterone. Drostanolone is indicated in postmenopausal women with recurrent breast cancer, in a combined hormone therapy.		
DB00859	Penicillamine	approved	Penicillamine is a pharmaceutical of the chelator class. The pharmaceutical form is D-penicillamine, as L-penicillamine is toxic (it inhibits the action of pyridoxine). It is an α-amino acid metabolite of penicillin, although it has no antibiotic properties.		
DB00860	Prednisolone	approved,vet_approved	Prednisolone is a glucocorticoid similar to [cortisol] used for its anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive, anti-neoplastic, and vasoconstrictive effects.[A187463]Prednisolone was granted FDA approval on 21 June 1955.[L9431]	Prednisone Action Pathway,Prednisolone Action Pathway,Prednisone Metabolism Pathway,Prednisolone Metabolism Pathway	
DB00861	Diflunisal	approved,investigational	Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its mechanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation and in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.	Diflunisal Action Pathway	
DB00862	Vardenafil	approved	Vardenafil (Levitra) is an oral therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. It is a selective inhibitor of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). Penile erection is a hemodynamic process initiated by the relaxation of smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum and its associated arterioles. During sexual stimulation, nitric oxide is released from nerve endings and endothelial cells in the corpus cavernosum. Nitric oxide activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase resulting in increased synthesis of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) in the smooth muscle cells of the corpus cavernosum. The cGMP in turn triggers smooth muscle relaxation, allowing increased blood flow into the penis, resulting in erection. The tissue concentration of cGMP is regulated by both the rates of synthesis and degradation via phosphodiesterases (PDEs). The most abundant PDE in the human corpus cavernosum is the cGMPspecific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5); therefore, the inhibition of PDE5 enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.		
DB00863	Ranitidine	approved,withdrawn	Ranitidine is a commonly used drug, classified as a histamine H2-receptor antagonist, and belongs to the same drug class as [cimetidine] and [famotidine]. This drug helps to prevent and treat gastric-acid associated conditions, including ulcers, because of its ability to decrease gastric acid secretion.[A176759,L10818] Ranitidine is often referred to as Zantac, and is available in various forms, including tablet, injection, and effervescent tablet preparations.[L10818,F4253]The prevalence of GERD is thought to be 10-20% in western countries.[A176843] Ranitidine has proven to be an effective treatment for relieving uncomfortable symptoms of gastric acid associated conditions and is therefore widely used in GERD and other gastric-acid related conditions.[A176849,L10818]	Ranitidine Action Pathway	
DB00864	Tacrolimus	approved,investigational	Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or Fujimycin) is an immunosuppressive drug whose main use is after organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of severe atopic dermatitis, severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, and the skin condition vitiligo. It was discovered in 1984 from the fermentation broth of a Japanese soil sample that contained the bacteria Streptomyces tsukubaensis. Tacrolimus is chemically known as a macrolide. It reduces peptidyl-prolyl isomerase activity by binding to the immunophilin FKBP-12 (FK506 binding protein) creating a new complex. This FKBP12-FK506 complex inhibits calcineurin which inhibits T-lymphocyte signal transduction and IL-2 transcription.		
DB00865	Benzphetamine	approved,illicit	A sympathomimetic agent with properties similar to dextroamphetamine. It is used in the treatment of obesity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1222)		
DB00866	Alprenolol	experimental,withdrawn	One of the adrenergic beta-antagonists used as an antihypertensive, anti-anginal, and anti-arrhythmic agent. Alprenolol is no longer marketed by AstraZeneca, but may still be available in generic varieties.	Alprenolol Action Pathway	
DB00867	Ritodrine	approved,investigational	Adrenergic beta-agonist used to control premature labor.		
DB00868	Benzonatate	approved	Benzonatate is an oral antitussive drug used in the relief and suppression of cough in patients older than ten years of age.[A5790] Currently, benzonatate is the only non-narcotic antitussive available as a prescription drug.[A189519] It works to reduce the activity of cough reflex by desensitizing the tissues of the lungs and pleura involved in the cough reflex. Benzonatate was approved by the FDA in 1958 under the market name Tessalon Perles.[A5790] Because its chemical structure resembles that of the anesthetic agents in the para-amino-benzoic acid class (such as [procaine] and [tetracaine]), benzonatate exhibits anesthetic or numbing action.[L11193] Although it not prone to drug misuse or abuse, benzonatate is associated with a risk for severe toxicity and overdose, especially in children.[A189513]		
DB00869	Dorzolamide	approved	Dorzolamide is a non-bacteriostatic sulfonamide derivative [A1304] and topical carbonic anhydrase (CA) inhibitor that treats elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) associated with open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.[L11377] It works by blocking an enzyme in the ciliary process that regulates ion balance and fluid pressure in the eyes.[A1303] Unlike oral CA inhibitors, dorzolamide has negligible effects of acid-base or electrolyte disturbances and other systemic adverse effects.[A1304] First marketed in 1995,[A190624] dorzolamide is available in ophthalmic solutions as monotherapy marketed as Trusopt [L11377] or in combination with [timolol] as Cosopt PF.[L11380]		
DB00870	Suprofen	approved,withdrawn	An ibuprofen-type anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic. It inhibits prostaglandin synthesis and has been proposed as an anti-arthritic. It is no longer approved for use in the United States.	Suprofen Action Pathway	
DB00871	Terbutaline	approved	A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic.		
DB00872	Conivaptan	approved,investigational	Conivaptan is a non-peptide inhibitor of antidiuretic hormone (vasopressin). It was approved in 2004 for hyponatremia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). Conivaptan inhibits both isotypes of the vasopressin receptor (V1a and V2).		
DB14596	Loteprednol etabonate	approved	Loteprednol Etabonate (LE) is a topical corticoid anti-inflammatory. It is used in ophthalmic solution for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, it can be used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.Most prescription LE products, however, tend to be indicated for the treatment of post-operative inflammation and pain following ocular surgery [FDA Label]. A number of such new formulations that have been approved include Kala Pharmaceutical's Inveltys - the first twice-daily (BID) ocular corticosteroid approved for this indication, designed specifically to enhance patient compliance and simplified dosing compared to all other similar ocular steroids that are dosed four times daily [L4545].Moreover, LE was purposefully engineered to be a 'soft drug', one that is designed to be active locally at the site of administration and then rapidly metabolized to inactive components after eliciting its actions at the desired location, thereby subsequently minimizing the chance for adverse effects [A38693].		
DB00874	Guaifenesin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Guaifenesin possesses a storied history, having been originally formally approved by the US FDA in 1952 and continues to be one of very few - if not perhaps the only drug that is readily available and used as an expectorant [F4525]. Since that time the agent has been a combination component of various prescription and non-prescription over-the-counter cough and cold products and is currently a widely available over-the-counter generic medication [F4525]. Although it is principally believed that guaifenesin elicits an action to facilitate productive cough to manage chest congestion [A177661, L6100, F4516, F4522, F4525], it is not known whether the agent can reliably mitigate coughing.Regardless, on March 1, 2007, the FDA received a petition asking the FDA to notify the public that some antitussives, expectorants, decongestants, antihistamines, and cough/cold combinations are not known to be safe and effective in children under the age of 6 years [F4525]. After the negotiation between FDA and major manufacturers, a voluntary transition of labels for not using guaifenesin in children under the age of 4 years was endorsed by FDA in 2008 [F4525].Furthermore, there has also been contemporary research to suggest that guaifenesin possesses and is capable of demonstrating anticonvulsant and muscle relaxant effects to some degree possibly by acting as an NMDA receptor antagonist [A177652].		
DB00875	Flupentixol	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Flupentixol is an antipsychotic neuroleptic drug. It is a thioxanthene, and therefore closely related to the phenothiazines. Its primary use is as a long acting injection given two or three weekly to people with schizophrenia who have a poor compliance with medication and suffer frequent relapses of illness. It is a D1 and D2 receptor antagonist. It is not approved in the United States.		
DB00876	Eprosartan	approved	Eprosartan is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used to treat hypertension. It performs 2 actions on the renin angiotensin system. By preventing the binding of angiotensin II to AT1, vascular smooth muscle relaxes and vasodilation occurs. By inhibiting norepinephrine production, blood pressure is further reduced.	Eprosartan Action Pathway	
DB00877	Sirolimus	approved,investigational	A macrolide compound obtained from Streptomyces hygroscopicus that acts by selectively blocking the transcriptional activation of cytokines thereby inhibiting cytokine production. It is bioactive only when bound to immunophilins. Sirolimus is a potent immunosuppressant and possesses both antifungal and antineoplastic properties.		
DB00878	Chlorhexidine	approved,vet_approved	Chlorhexidine is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial biguanide used as a topical antiseptic and in dental practice for the treatment of inflammatory dental conditions caused by microorganisms.[L11512] It is one of the most common skin and mucous membrane antiseptic agents in use today.[A190417] The molecule itself is a cationic bis-guanide consisting of two 4-chlorophenyl rings and two biguanide groups joined by a central hexamethylene chain.[A190453] Topical chlorhexidine for disinfection, as well as oral rinses for dental use, carries activity against a broad range of pathogens including bacteria, yeasts, and viruses.[L11518,L11512,A190453]Chlorhexidine was developed in the UK by Imperial Chemical Industries in the early 1950s[A190474] and was introduced to the US in the 1970s.[L11572]		
DB00879	Emtricitabine	approved,investigational	Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) indicated for the treatment of HIV infection in adults[L9019] or combined with [tenofovir alafenamide] for the prevention of HIV-1 infection in high risk adolescents and adults.[L9010] Emtricitabine is a cytidine analogue.[L9019] The drug works by inhibiting HIV reverse transcriptase, preventing transcription of HIV RNA to DNA.[L9019]Emtricitabine was granted FDA approval on 2 July 2003.[L9019]	Emtricitabine Action Pathway	
DB00880	Chlorothiazide	approved,vet_approved	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p812)	Chlorothiazide Action Pathway	
DB00881	Quinapril	approved,investigational	Quinapril is the ethyl ester prodrug of the non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor quinaprilat.[L8420,L8423] It is used to treat hypertension and heart failure.[L8420,L8423] ACE inhibitors are commonly used as a first line therapy in the treatment of hypertension, along with thiazide diuretics or beta blockers.[A184844]Quinapril was granted FDA approval on 19 November 1991.[L8420] A combination tablet with [hydrochlorothiazide] was also approved on 28 December 1999.[L8423]	Quinapril Metabolism Pathway,Quinapril Action Pathway	
DB00882	Clomifene	approved,investigational	A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.		
DB00883	Isosorbide dinitrate	approved,investigational	A vasodilator used in the treatment of angina pectoris. Its actions are similar to nitroglycerin but with a slower onset of action.		
DB00884	Risedronic acid	approved,investigational	Alendronic acid is a third generation bisphosphonate that is used for the treatment of some forms of osteoperosis and Paget's disease[FDA Label][A959,A203111]. It functions by preventing resorption of bone[FDA Label][A959].	Risedronate Action Pathway	
DB00885	Pemirolast	approved,investigational	Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.		
DB00886	Omapatrilat	investigational	Omapatrilat is an investigational drug that inhibits both neutral endopeptidase (NEP) and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). The inhibition of NEP elevates natriuretic peptide levels, increasing excretion of sodium in urine, dilating blood vessels, and reducing preload and ventricular remodeling. This drug from BMS was not approved by the FDA due to angioedema safety concerns.		
DB00887	Bumetanide	approved	Bumetanide  is a sulfamyl diuretic.	Bumetanide Action Pathway	
DB00888	Mechlorethamine	approved,investigational	A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes, mechlorethamine is an alkylating drug. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage.The FDA granted marketing approval for the orphan drug Valchlor (mechlorethamine) gel on August 23, 2013 for the topical treatment of stage IA and IB mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who have received prior skin-directed therapy. Each tube of Valchlor contains 0.016% of mechlorethamine which is equivalent to 0.02% mechlorethamine HCl.		
DB00889	Granisetron	approved,investigational	A serotonin receptor (5HT-3 selective) antagonist that has been used as an antiemetic and antinauseant for cancer chemotherapy patients.		
DB00890	Dienestrol	approved,investigational	Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).		
DB00891	Sulfapyridine	approved	Antibacterial, potentially toxic, and previously used to treat certain skin diseases. No longer prescribed.		
DB00892	Oxybuprocaine	approved,investigational	Oxybuprocaine (also known as Benoxinate) is a local anesthetic, which is used especially in ophthalmology and otolaryngology. Oxybuprocaine binds to sodium channels and reversibly stabilizes the neuronal membrane which decreases its permeability to sodium ions.	Oxybuprocaine Action Pathway	
DB00893	Iron Dextran	approved,vet_approved	Iron dextran is a dark brown, slightly viscous liquid complex of ferric hydroxide and dextran for intravenous or intramuscular use. Iron Dextran is used for the treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in which oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible.		
DB00894	Testolactone	approved,investigational	An antineoplastic agent that is a derivative of progesterone and used to treat advanced breast cancer.		
DB00895	Benzylpenicilloyl polylysine	approved	Benzylpenicilloyl polylysine is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. The quantitation of in vitro IgE antibodies to the benzylpenicilloyl determinant is a useful tool for evaluating allergic subjects.		
DB00896	Rimexolone	approved	Rimexolone is a 1% eye drop solution is a glucocorticoid steroid. It is used to treat inflammation in the eye. It is marketed as Vexol.		
DB00897	Triazolam	approved,investigational	Withdrawn in the United Kingdom due to risk of psychiatric adverse drug reactions. This drug continues to be available in the U.S. Internationally, triazolam is a Schedule IV drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances.		
DB00898	Ethanol	approved	A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.	Disulfiram Action Pathway,Ethanol Degradation	
DB00899	Remifentanil	approved	Remifentanil (marketed by Abbott as Ultiva) is a potent ultra short-acting synthetic opioid given to patients during surgery for pain relief and adjunctive to an anaesthetic. Remifentanil is a specific mu-type-opioid receptor agonist which means it reduces sympathetic nervous system tone, and causes respiratory depression and analgesia.	Remifentanil Action Pathway	
DB00900	Didanosine	approved	A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3&#39;-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chains. Didanosine is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase; ddI is then metabolized to dideoxyadenosine triphosphate, its putative active metabolite.	Didanosine Action Pathway	
DB00901	Bitolterol	withdrawn	Bitolterol mesylate was used to treat bronchospasms in asthma and COPD. It is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001.		
DB00902	Methdilazine	approved	Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.	Methdilazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00903	Etacrynic acid	approved,investigational	A compound that inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. This compound has been classified as a loop or high ceiling diuretic.	Ethacrynic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00904	Ondansetron	approved	A competitive serotonin type 3 receptor antagonist. It is effective in the treatment of nausea and vomiting caused by cytotoxic chemotherapy drugs, including cisplatin, and has reported anxiolytic and neuroleptic properties. [PubChem]Having been developed in the 1980s by GlaxoSmithKline and approved by the US FDA since January 1991, ondansetron has demonstrated a long history of use and efficacy. Commonly formulated as oral tablets, orally disintegrating tablets (ODT), and injections, and available as generic products as well, ondansetron continues to see contemporary innovations in its formulation and use, including the development of orally soluble films that are both discreet in administration and less of a burden in comparison to having patients attempt to swallow pills during emesis [L5221].		
DB00905	Bimatoprost	approved,investigational	Bimatoprost, also known as Latisse or Lumigan, belongs to a group of drugs called prostamides, which are synthetic structural analogs of prostaglandin. Bimatoprost, marketed by Allergan, is administered in both the ophthalmic solution and implant form. It has the ability to reduce ocular hypotension, proving effective in conditions such as ocular hypertension and glaucoma.[L6877,L6892,L6898,L12069] Bimatoprost is also used to treat eyelash hypotrichosis, or sparse eyelash growth.[L6910] It was initially approved by the FDA in 2001 for ocular hypertension and later approved for hypothrichosis in 2008, as eyelash growth became a desirable adverse effect for patients using this drug.[L4894]		
DB00906	Tiagabine	approved,investigational	Tiagabine is an anti-convulsive medication. It is also used in the treatment for panic disorder as are a few other anticonvulsants. Though the exact mechanism by which tiagabine exerts its effect on the human body is unknown, it does appear to operate as a selective GABA reuptake inhibitor.		
DB00907	Cocaine	approved,illicit	An alkaloid ester extracted from the leaves of plants including coca. It is a local anesthetic and vasoconstrictor and is clinically used for that purpose, particularly in the eye, ear, nose, and throat. It also has powerful central nervous system effects similar to the amphetamines and is a drug of abuse. Cocaine, like amphetamines, acts by multiple mechanisms on brain catecholaminergic neurons; the mechanism of its reinforcing effects is thought to involve inhibition of dopamine uptake.	Cocaine Action Pathway	
DB00908	Quinidine	approved,investigational	An optical isomer of [quinine], extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree and similar plant species. This alkaloid dampens the excitability of cardiac and skeletal muscles by blocking sodium and potassium currents across cellular membranes. It prolongs cellular action potential, and decreases automaticity. Quinidine also blocks muscarinic and alpha-adrenergic neurotransmission.	Quinidine Action Pathway	
DB00909	Zonisamide	approved,investigational	Zonisamide is a sulfonamide anticonvulsant approved for use as an adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures. Zonisamide may be a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor although this is not one of the primary mechanisms of action. Zonisamide may act by blocking repetitive firing of voltage-gated sodium channels leading to a reduction of T-type calcium channel currents, or by binding allosterically to GABA receptors. This latter action may inhibit the uptake of the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA while enhancing the uptake of the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate.		
DB00910	Paricalcitol	approved,investigational	Paricalcitol is a synthetic vitamin D analog. Paricalcitol has been used to reduce parathyroid hormone levels. Paricalcitol is indicated for the prevention and treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic renal failure.		
DB00911	Tinidazole	approved,investigational	A nitroimidazole antitrichomonal agent effective against _Trichomonas vaginalis_, _Entamoeba histolytica_, and _Giardia lamblia_ infections.		
DB00912	Repaglinide	approved,investigational	Repaglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to β cells of the pancreas to stimulate insulin release. Repaglinide induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skipped with any skipped meal. Approximately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused by meglitinides appears to be lower than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those naïve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk is thought to be lower than that of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Repaglinide is extensively metabolized in the liver and excreted in bile. Repaglinide metabolites do not possess appreciable hypoglycemic activity. Approximately 90% of a single orally administered dose is eliminated in feces and 8% in urine.	Repaglinide Action Pathway	
DB00913	Anileridine	approved,illicit	Anileridine is a synthetic opioid and strong analgesic medication. It is a narcotic pain reliever used to treat moderate to severe pain. Narcotic analgesics act in the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain. Some of their side effects are also caused by actions in the CNS.	Anileridine Action Pathway	
DB00914	Phenformin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A biguanide hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of metformin. Although it is generally considered to be associated with an unacceptably high incidence of lactic acidosis, often fatal, it is still available in some countries. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p290)		
DB00915	Amantadine	approved	An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake.		
DB00916	Metronidazole	approved	Metronidazole is a commonly used antibiotic, belonging to the nitroimidazole class of antibiotics.[L3754] It is frequently used to treat gastrointestinal infections as well as trichomoniasis and giardiasis, and amebiasis which are parasitic infections.[A181036,A18039] Metronidazole has been used as an antibiotic for several decades[L7429], with added antiparasitic properties that set it apart from many other antibacterial drugs, allowing it to treat a wide variety of infections. It is available in capsule form, tablet form, and topical form, and suppository preparations for the treatment of various infections.		
DB00917	Dinoprostone	approved	Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.	Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,Antipyrine Action Pathway,Flurbiprofen Action Pathway,Nepafenac Action Pathway,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway,Meloxicam Action Pathway,Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway,Oxaprozin Action Pathway,Naproxen Action Pathway,Carprofen Action Pathway,Etoricoxib Action Pathway,Lumiracoxib Action Pathway,Phenylbutazone Action Pathway,Salsalate Action Pathway,Salicylate-Sodium Action Pathway,Acetaminophen  Action Pathway,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway	
DB00918	Almotriptan	approved,investigational	Almotriptan is a triptan drug for the treatment of migraine headaches. Almotriptan is in a class of medications called selective serotonin receptor agonists. It works by narrowing blood vessels in the brain, stopping pain signals from being sent to the brain, and stopping the release of certain natural substances that cause pain, nausea, and other symptoms of migraine. Almotriptan does not prevent migraine attacks.		
DB00919	Spectinomycin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces spectabilis. It is active against gram-negative bacteria and used for the treatment of gonorrhea.	Spectinomycin Action Pathway	
DB00920	Ketotifen	approved	A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.	Ketotifen H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00921	Buprenorphine	approved,illicit,investigational,vet_approved	Buprenorphine is a weak partial mu-opioid receptor agonist and a weak kappa-opioid receptor antagonist used for the treatment of severe pain.[A186283,A186292] It is also commonly used as an alternative to [methadone] for the treatment of severe opioid addiction.[F4715,F4718] Buprenorphine is commercially available as the brand name product Suboxone which is formulated in a 4:1 fixed-dose combination product along with [naloxone], a non-selective competitive opioid receptor antagonist. Combination with naloxone is intended to reduce the abuse potential of Suboxone, as naloxone is poorly absorbed by the oral route (and has no effect when taken orally), but would reverse the opioid agonist effects of buprenorphine if injected intravenously.[A186289,F4715,F4718] Buprenorphine has poor gastrointestinal absorption and is therefore formulated as a sublingual tablet.Buprenorphine has a number of unique pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties that make it a preferred agent for the treatment of conditions requiring high doses of strong opioids.[A186286] For example, buprenorphine dissociates from opioid receptors very slowly, resulting in a long duration of action and relief from pain or withdrawal symptoms for upwards of 24-36 hours. Use of once-daily buprenorphine may benefit individuals who have developed tolerance to other potent opioids and who require larger and more frequent doses. Buprenorphine may also be a preferred agent over [methadone] (which is also commonly used to treat severe pain and opioid use disorder), as it has less effect on Qtc interval prolongation,[A186271,A186274] fewer drug interactions, reduced risk of sexual side effects,[A186298] and an improved safety profile with a lower risk of overdose and respiratory depression.[A186263,A186266,A186269]Buprenorphine acts as a partial mu-opioid receptor agonist with a high affinity for the receptor, but lower intrinsic activity compared to other full mu-opioid agonists such as [heroin], [oxycodone], or [methadone].[A186292] This means that buprenorphine preferentially binds the opioid receptor and displaces lower affinity opioids without activating the receptor to a comparable degree. Clinically, this results in a slow onset of action and a clinical phenomenon known as the "ceiling effect" where once a certain dose is reached, buprenorphine's effects plateau. This effect can be beneficial, however, as dose-related side effects such as respiratory depression, sedation, and intoxication also plateau at around 32mg, resulting in a lower risk of overdose compared to [methadone] and other full agonist opioids.[A186215,A186218] It also means that opioid-dependent patients do not experience sedation or euphoria at the same rate that they might experience with more potent opioids, improving quality of life for patients with severe pain and reducing the reinforcing effects of opioids which can lead to drug-seeking behaviours.[A186280]Treatment of opioid addiction with buprenorphine, [methadone], or slow-release oral [morphine] (SROM) is termed Opioid Agonist Treatment (OAT) or Opioid Substitution Therapy (OST). The intention of substitution of illicit opioids with the long-acting opioids used in OAT is to prevent withdrawal symptomns for 24-36 hours following dosing to ultimately reduce cravings and drug-seeking behaviours. Use of OAT is also intended to improved social stabilization including a reduction in crime rates, marginalization, incarceration, and use of illicit substances such as [heroin] or [fentanyl]. Illegally purchased opioids can often be injected and may be laced with other substances that increase the risk of harm or overdose. Provision of OAT is often combined with education about harm reduction including use of clean needles and injection supplies in an effort to reduce the risks associated with injection drug use which includes contraction of HIV and Hepatitis C and other complications including skin infections, abscesses, or endocarditis.[A186295]	Buprenorphine Action Pathway	
DB00922	Levosimendan	approved,investigational	Levosimendan increases calcium sensitivity to myocytes by binding to troponin C in a calcium dependent manner. This increases contractility without raising calcium levels. It also relaxes vascular smooth muscle by opening adenosine triphosphate sensitive potassium channels. Levosimendan is used to manage acutely decompensated congestive heart failure.		
DB00923	Ceforanide	approved	Ceforanide is administered parenterally. It has a longer elimination half-life than any currently available cephalosporin. Its activity is very similar to that of cefamandole, another second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic, except that ceforanide is less active against most gram-positive organisms. Many coliforms, including Escherichia coli, Klebsiella, Enterobacter, and Proteus, are susceptible to ceforanide, as are most strains of Salmonella, Shigella, Hemophilus, Citrobacter and Arizona species.		
DB00924	Cyclobenzaprine	approved	Cyclobenzaprine, a centrally-acting muscle relaxant, was first synthesized in 1961[A185039] and has been available for human use since 1977.[A184982] It was initially studied for use as antidepressant given its structural similarity to tricyclic antidepressants - it differs from [Amitriptyline] by only a single double bond.[A185039,A184982] Since its approval, it has remained relatively popular as an adjunctive, short-term treatment for acute skeletal muscle spasms secondary to musculoskeletal injury.		
DB00925	Phenoxybenzamine	approved	An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]		
DB00926	Etretinate	withdrawn	Etretinate is a medication used to treat severe psoriasis. It is a synthetic aromatic retinoid. The mechanism of action of etretinate is still incompletely understood although, like retinoic acid, it is thought to interfere with the terminal differentiation of keratinocytes. It is thought to bind to the retinoic acid receptors. Etretinate is also believed to enhance the binding of cAMP to the regulatory RI subunit of cAMP dependent protein kinases. Etretinate was taken off the market in Canada in 1996 and America in 1998 due to the risk of birth defects. Etretinate is now used to treat T-cell lymphomas. It also appears to inhibit NADH oxidase activity.		
DB00927	Famotidine	approved	Famotidine is a competitive histamine-2 (H<sub>2</sub>) receptor antagonist that works to inhibit gastric acid secretion. It is commonly used in gastrointestinal conditions related to acid secretion, such as gastric ulcers and gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), in adults and children.[L11166] Compared to other H<sub>2</sub> receptor antagonists, famotidine displays high selectivity towards this receptor; in a study consisting of healthy volunteers and patients with acid hypersecretory disease, famotidine was about 20 to 50 times more potent at inhibiting gastric acid secretion than [cimetidine] and eight times more potent than [ranitidine] on a weight basis.[A189462] Famotidine is used in various over-the-counter and off-label uses.[L11166] While oral formulations of famotidine are more commonly used, the intravenous solution of the drug is available for use in hospital settings.[L11142]	Famotidine Action Pathway	
DB00928	Azacitidine	approved,investigational	A pyrimidine nucleoside analogue that inhibits DNA methyltransferase, impairing DNA methylation. It is also an antimetabolite of cytidine, incorporated primarily into RNA. Azacytidine has been used as an antineoplastic agent.		
DB00929	Misoprostol	approved	Misoprostol is a prostaglandin analog used to reduce the risk of NSAID related ulcers, manage miscarriages, prevent post partum hemorrhage, and also for first trimester abortions.[L7616,L7619,A181589,A181583,A181697] The stimulation of prostaglandin receptors in the stomach reduces gastric acid secretion, while stimulating these receptors in the uterus and cervix can increase the strength and frequency of contractions and decrease cervical tone.[A181586]Misoprostol was granted FDA approval on 27 December 1988.[L7616]		
DB00930	Colesevelam	approved	Colesevelam is a bile acid sequestrant. Colesevelam is used with exercise and diet changes (restriction of cholesterol and fat intake) to reduce the amount of cholesterol and certain fatty substances in the blood. It works by binding bile acids in the intestine. Bile acids are made when cholesterol is broken down in the body. Removing these bile acids helps to lower blood cholesterol.		
DB00931	Metacycline	approved,investigational	A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic related to tetracycline but excreted more slowly and maintaining effective blood levels for a more extended period.	Methacycline Action Pathway	
DB00932	Tipranavir	approved,investigational	Tipranavir is a sulfonamide-containing dyhydropyrone and a nonpeptidic protease inhibitor that targets the HIV protease. Tipranavir and ritonavir are coadministered to treat HIV.		
DB00933	Mesoridazine	approved,investigational	A phenothiazine antipsychotic with effects similar to chlorpromazine.		
DB00934	Maprotiline	approved,investigational	Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and does not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and major depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression.		
DB00935	Oxymetazoline	approved,investigational	Oxymetazoline is an imidazole derivative and alpha (α)-adrenergic agonist with greater affinity for the α2-adrenergic receptor than the α1-adrenergic receptor. Due to its vasoconstricting activity, oxymetazoline is used as a decongestant and topical hemostatic agent.[A215542] Oxymetazoline is available in various formulations with a wide variety of clinical implications. The topical formulation of the drug is used to treat persistent facial redness in adults.[L15062] As an effective decongestant, oxymetazoline is available in over-the-counter intranasal sprays that are used to relieve nasal and sinus congestion caused by a wide variety of factors, such as common cold, hay fever, and upper respiratory allergies.[A215587,L15092] In dentistry, oxymetazoline and tetracaine combination intranasal spray (Kovanaze) is used for regional anesthesia during dental procedures in eligible children and adults.[L15057] In July 2020, the FDA approved the use of an ophthalmic formulation of oxymetazoline (Upneeq) in adults with acquired blepharoptosis, or ptosis, making it the first FDA-approved medical treatment for this medical condition.[L15042,L15067]		
DB00936	Salicylic acid	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.	Salicylic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00937	Diethylpropion	approved,illicit	A appetite depressant considered to produce less central nervous system disturbance than most drugs in this therapeutic category. It is also considered to be among the safest for patients with hypertension. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p2290)		
DB00938	Salmeterol	approved	Salmeterol is a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist drug that is currently prescribed for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD.[L11545,L11548,L11551,L11554,L11557] It has a longer duration of action than the short-acting beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist, [salbutamol].[A190459] Salmeterol was first described in the literature in 1988.[A190477] Salmeterol's structure is similar to salbutamol's with an aralkyloxy-alkyl substitution on the amine.[A183737]Salmeterol was granted FDA approval on 4 February 1994.[L11542]		
DB00939	Meclofenamic acid	approved,vet_approved	A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with antipyretic and antigranulation activities. It also inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis.		
DB00940	Methantheline	approved,investigational	Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).		
DB00941	Hexafluronium	approved	Hexafluronium bromide is a neuromuscular blocking agent used in anesthesiology to prolong and potentiate the skeletal muscle relaxing action of suxamethonium during surgery. It is known to bind and block the activity of plasma cholinesterases.		
DB00942	Cycrimine	approved	Cycrimine is a drug used to reduce levels of acetylcholine to return a balance with dopamine in the treatment and management of Parkinson's disease.		
DB00943	Zalcitabine	approved,investigational	A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxyl group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkages, which are needed for the elongation of DNA chains, thus resulting in the termination of viral DNA growth. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication at low concentrations, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase. Its principal toxic side effect is axonal degeneration resulting in peripheral neuropathy.	Zalcitabine Action Pathway	
DB00944	Demecarium	approved	Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.		
DB00945	Acetylsalicylic acid	approved,vet_approved	Also known as _Aspirin_, acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) is a commonly used drug for the treatment of pain and fever due to various causes. Acetylsalicylic acid has both anti-inflammatory and antipyretic effects.  This drug also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of blood clots stroke, and myocardial infarction (MI) [FDA label].  Interestingly, the results of various studies have demonstrated that long-term use of acetylsalicylic acid may decrease the risk of various cancers, including colorectal, esophageal, breast, lung, prostate, liver and skin cancer [A177325]. Aspirin is classified as a _non-selective cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitor_ [A32682, A177268] and is available in many doses and forms, including chewable tablets, suppositories, extended release formulations, and others [L5968]. Acetylsalicylic acid is a very common cause of accidental poisoning in young children. It should be kept out of reach from young children, toddlers, and infants [FDA label].	Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway	
DB00946	Phenprocoumon	approved,investigational	Coumarin derivative that acts as a long-acting oral anticoagulant.	Phenprocoumon Action Pathway	
DB00947	Fulvestrant	approved,investigational	Fulvestrant is a drug treatment of hormone receptor (HR)-positive metastatic breast cancer in post-menopausal women with disease progression following anti-estrogen therapy. It is an estrogen receptor antagonist with no agonist effects, which works both by down-regulating and by degrading the estrogen receptor. While it is used as monotherapy for the treatment of breast cancers, it is also used in combination with [alpelisib] for the treatment of HR-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative, PIK3CA-mutated, advanced or metastatic breast cancer		
DB00948	Mezlocillin	approved,investigational	Semisynthetic ampicillin-derived acylureido penicillin. It has been proposed for infections with certain anaerobes and may be useful in inner ear, bile, and CNS infections.		
DB00949	Felbamate	approved	Felbamate is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy. In particular, in the adult patient population, it can be employed to treat partial seizures (with and without generalization). Alternatively, it is used to treat partial and generalized seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in children. It has a weak inhibitory effect on GABA receptor binding sites.	Felbamate Metabolism Pathway	
DB00950	Fexofenadine	approved,investigational	Fexofenadine is an over-the-counter second-generation antihistamine used in the treatment of various allergic symptoms.[L4269] It is selective for the H<sub>1</sub> receptor, carries little-to-no activity at off-targets, and does not cross the blood-brain barrier[L10779] - this is in contrast to previous first-generation antihistamines, such as [diphenhydramine], which readily bind to off-targets that contribute to side effects such as sedation.[A1452] Fexofenadine is the major active metabolite of [terfenadine][A1495] and is administered as a racemic mixture in which both enantiomers display approximately equivalent antihistamine activity.[L10779]	Fexofenadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00951	Isoniazid	approved,investigational	Antibacterial agent used primarily as a tuberculostatic. It remains the treatment of choice for tuberculosis.		
DB00952	Naratriptan	approved,investigational	Naratriptan is a triptan drug that is selective for the 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype. It is typically used for the treatment of migraine headaches.		
DB00953	Rizatriptan	approved	Rizatriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.		
DB00954	Dirithromycin	experimental	Dirithromycin is a macrolide glycopeptide antibiotic used to treat many different types of bacterial infections, such as bronchitis, pneumonia, tonsillitis, and even skin infections.		
DB00955	Netilmicin	approved,investigational	Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.	Netilmicin Action Pathway	
DB00956	Hydrocodone	approved,illicit,investigational	Hydrocodone is a synthetic opioid derivative of codeine.[T116] It is commonly used in combination with [acetaminophen] to control moderate to severe pain. Historically, hydrocodone has been used as a cough suppressant although this has largely been replaced by [dextromethorphan] in current cough and cold formulations. Hydrocodone's more potent metabolite, [hydromorphone] has also found wide use as an analgesic and is frequently used in cases of severe pain. The FDA first approved Hydrocodone for use as part of the cough suppressant syrup Hycodan in March of 1943.[L9025]	Hydrocodone Action Pathway	
DB00957	Norgestimate	approved,investigational	Norgestimate was first described in the literature in 1977.[A191068] It was developed by Ortho Pharmaceutical Corporation as part of an effort to develop new hormonal contraceptives with reduced adverse effects.[A191068] It is commonly formulated with [ethinylestradiol] as a combined oral contraceptive that can also be used to treat moderate acne vulgaris.[L11845,L11848]Norgestimate was granted FDA approval on 29 December 1989.[L11842]		
DB00958	Carboplatin	approved	An organoplatinum compound that possesses antineoplastic activity.		
DB00959	Methylprednisolone	approved,vet_approved	Methylprednisolone is a [prednisolone] derivative glucocorticoid with higher potency than [prednisone].[A188811] It was first described in the literature in the late 1950s.[A188811,A188814]Methylprednisolone was granted FDA approval on 24 October 1957.[L10785] In the outbreak of COVID-19, low dose methylprednisolone-based therapy was successful in treating COVID-19-associated pneumonia in one patient with long-term immunosuppression.[A192813] The efficacy of methylprednisolone in novel coronavirus pneumonia is being investigated further in clinical trials.[L12666]		
DB00960	Pindolol	approved,investigational	A moderately lipophilic beta blocker (adrenergic beta-antagonists). It is non-cardioselective and has intrinsic sympathomimetic actions, but little membrane-stabilizing activity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p638)	Pindolol Action Pathway	
DB00961	Mepivacaine	approved,vet_approved	A local anesthetic that is chemically related to bupivacaine but pharmacologically related to lidocaine. It is indicated for infiltration, nerve block, and epidural anesthesia. Mepivacaine is effective topically only in large doses and therefore should not be used by this route. (From AMA Drug Evaluations, 1994, p168)	Mepivacaine Action Pathway	
DB00962	Zaleplon	approved,illicit,investigational	Zaleplon is a sedative/hypnotic, mainly used for insomnia. It is known as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic. Zaleplon interacts with the GABA receptor complex and shares some of the pharmacological properties of the benzodiazepines. Zaleplon is a schedule IV drug in the United States.		
DB00963	Bromfenac	approved	Bromfenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for ophthalmic use. Ophthalmic NSAIDs are becoming a cornerstone for the management of ocular pain and inflammation. Their well-characterized anti-inflammatory activity, analgesic property, and established safety record have also made NSAIDs an important tool to optimize surgical outcomes.	Bromfenac Action Pathway	
DB00964	Apraclonidine	approved	Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.		
DB00965	Ethiodized oil	approved,investigational	Ethiodized oil is used by injection as a radio-opaque contrast agent. The composition of the oil is comprised of iodine combined with ethyl esters of fatty acids of poppyseed oil. And although these esters are primarily as ethyl monoiodostearate and ethyl diiodostearate, the actual, specific structure is unknown.		
DB00966	Telmisartan	approved,investigational	Telmisartan is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) used in the management of hypertension. Generally, angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) such as telmisartan bind to the angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptors with high affinity, causing inhibition of the action of angiotensin II on vascular smooth muscle, ultimately leading to a reduction in arterial blood pressure. Recent studies suggest that telmisartan may also have PPAR-gamma agonistic properties that could potentially confer beneficial metabolic effects.	Telmisartan Action Pathway	
DB00967	Desloratadine	approved,investigational	Desloratadine is a second generation, tricyclic antihistamine that which has a selective and peripheral H1-antagonist action. It is the active descarboethoxy metabolite of loratidine (a second generation histamine). Desloratidine has a long-lasting effect and does not cause drowsiness because it does not readily enter the central nervous system.	Desloratadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00968	Methyldopa	approved	An alpha-2 adrenergic agonist that has both central and peripheral nervous system effects. Its primary clinical use is as an antihypertensive agent. [PubChem]		
DB00969	Alosetron	approved,withdrawn	Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used only for the management of severe diarrhoea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women. Alosetron has an antagonist action on the 5-HT3 receptors and thus may modulate serotonin-sensitive gastrointestinal (GI) processes. Alosetron was voluntarily withdrawn from the US market in November 2000 by the manufacturer due to numerous reports of severe adverse effects including ischemic colitis, severely obstructed or ruptured bowel, and death. In June 2002, the FDA approved a supplemental new drug application allowing the remarketing of the drug under restricted conditions of use.		
DB00970	Dactinomycin	approved,investigational	A compound composed of a two cyclic peptides attached to a phenoxazine that is derived from streptomyces parvullus. It binds to DNA and inhibits RNA synthesis (transcription), with chain elongation more sensitive than initiation, termination, or release. As a result of impaired mRNA production, protein synthesis also declines after dactinomycin therapy. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p2015)		
DB00971	Selenium Sulfide	approved	Selenium Sulfide is an antifungal agent as well as a cytostatic agent, slowing the growth of hyperproliferative cells in seborrhea. Selenium Sulfide is the active ingredient often used in shampoos for the treatment of dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis and tinea capitis, a fungal infection that is primarily a disease of preadolescent children.		
DB00972	Azelastine	approved	Azelastine, a phthalazine derivative, is an antihistamine available as an intranasal spray for the treatment of allergic and vasomotor rhinitis and as an ophthalmic solution for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis.[L8240,L8270] It is a racemic mixture, though there is no noted difference in pharmacologic activity between enantiomers, and was first granted FDA approval in 1996.[L8240,L8270] Azelastine is also available in combination with fluticasone propionate as a nasal spray marketed under the trade name Dymista™, which is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis in patients 6 years of age and older.[L8309]	Azelastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB00973	Ezetimibe	approved	Ezetimibe is a lipid-lowering compound that inhibits intestinal cholesterol and phytosterol absorption. The discovery and research of this drug began in the early 1990s, after the intravenous administration of radiolabelled ezetimibe in rats revealed that it was being localized within enterocytes of the intestinal villi - this prompted studies investigating the effect of ezetimibe on intestinal cholesterol absorption.[A15202] Ezetimibe is used as an adjunctive therapy to a healthy diet to lower cholesterol levels in primary hyperlipidemia, mixed hyperlipidemia, homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH), and homozygous sitosterolemia (phytosterolemia).[L11347]Unlike other classes of cholesterol-reducing compounds including statins and bile acid sequestrants, ezetimibe has a distinct mechanism of action involving the sterol transporter Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1), and is unique in that it does not affect the absorption of fat-soluble nutrients such as fat-soluble vitamins, triglycerides, or bile acids.[A33313] In genetically NPC1L1-deficient mice, a 70% reduction in intestinal cholesterol absorption was seen, and these mice were insensitive to ezetimibe treatment - it was determined based on these findings that NPC1L1 plays an essential role in promoting intestinal cholesterol uptake via an ezetimibe-sensitive pathway.[A15202] By interfering with the intestinal uptake of cholesterol and phytosterols, ezetimibe reduces the delivery of intestinal cholesterol to the liver.[L11347]		
DB00974	Edetic acid	approved,vet_approved	A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive.		
DB00975	Dipyridamole	approved	A phosphodiesterase inhibitor that blocks uptake and metabolism of adenosine by erythrocytes and vascular endothelial cells. Dipyridamole also potentiates the antiaggregating action of prostacyclin. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p752)	Dipyridamole (Antiplatelet) Action Pathway	
DB00976	Telithromycin	approved	Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.	Telithromycin Action Pathway	
DB00977	Ethinylestradiol	approved	Ethinylestradiol was first synthesized in 1938 by Hans Herloff Inhoffen and Walter Hohlweg at Schering.[A191107] It was developed in an effort to create an estrogen with greater oral bioavailability.[A191107] These properties were achieved by the substitution of an ethinyl group at carbon 17 of [estradiol].[A191107] Ethinylestradiol soon replaced [mestranol] in contraceptive pills.[A191107]Ethinylestradiol was granted FDA approval on 25 June 1943.[L11884]		
DB00978	Lomefloxacin	approved,investigational	Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections (UTIs). Additionally, it has been employed for the prophylaxis of UTIs prior to surgery as well.		
DB00979	Cyclopentolate	approved	A parasympatholytic anticholinergic used solely to obtain mydriasis or cycloplegia.		
DB00980	Ramelteon	approved,investigational	Ramelteon is the first in a new class of sleep agents that selectively binds to the melatonin receptors in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). It is used for insomnia, particularly delayed sleep onset. Ramelteon has not been shown to produce dependence and has shown no potential for abuse.		
DB00981	Physostigmine	approved,investigational	A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.		
DB00982	Isotretinoin	approved	Isotretinoin is a retinoid derivative of vitamin A used in the treatment of severe recalcitrant acne.[Label] It was most widely marketed under the brand name Accutane, which has since been discontinued.[L6574] Isotretinoin is associated with major risks in pregnancy and so it is only available under the iPLEDGE program in the United States.[L6579] The first isotretinoin containing product was FDA approved on 7 May 1982.[L6574]		
DB00983	Formoterol	approved,investigational	Formoterol is an inhaled beta<sub>2</sub>-agonist used in the management of COPD and asthma that was first approved for use in the United States in 2001.[L10986] It acts on bronchial smooth muscle to dilate and relax airways, and is administered as a racemic mixture of its active (R;R)- and inactive (S;S)-enantiomers.[A189528] A major clinical advantage of formoterol over other inhaled beta-agonists is its rapid onset of action (2-3 minutes), which is at least as fast as [salbutamol], combined with a long duration of action (12 hours) - for this reason, treatment guidelines for asthma recommend its use as both a reliever and maintenance medication.[L11256] It is available as a single-entity product[L10986,L11223] and in several formulations in combination with both inhaled corticosteroids[L10995,L10619] and long-acting muscarinic antagonists.[L10992,L10989]		
DB00984	Nandrolone phenpropionate	approved,illicit,investigational	C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.		
DB00985	Dimenhydrinate	approved	Dimenhydrinate, also known as Dramamine or Gravol, is an over-the-counter drug used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and dizziness caused by motion sickness. Dimenhydrinate is a combination drug composed of [DB01075] and [DB14132] in a salt form, with 53%-55.5% of diphenhydramine, and not less than 44%-47% of 8-chlorotheophylline, calculated on the dried basis. The antiemetic properties of dimenhydrinate are primarily thought to be produced by diphenhydramine's antagonism of H1 histamine receptors in the vestibular system [A1540] while the excitatory effects are thought to be produced by 8-chlorotheophylline's adenosine receptor blockade [A33889]. The addition of 8-chlorotheophylline was initially intended to counteract the sedative effects of diphenhydramine.When used in large doses, dimenhydrinate has been shown to cause a "high" characterized by hallucinations, excitement, incoordination, and disorientation [A1539].		
DB00986	Glycopyrronium	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.		
DB00987	Cytarabine	approved,investigational	A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472)		
DB00988	Dopamine	approved	One of the catecholamine neurotransmitters in the brain.  It is derived from tyrosine and is the precursor to norepinephrine and epinephrine. Dopamine is a major transmitter in the extrapyramidal system of the brain, and important in regulating movement. A family of receptors (receptors, dopamine) mediate its action.	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Benzocaine Action Pathway,Bupivacaine Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Local Anaesthetic) Action Pathway,Proparacaine Action Pathway,Codeine Action Pathway,Hydromorphone Action Pathway,Fentanyl Action Pathway,Sufentanil Action Pathway,Methadyl Acetate Action Pathway,Dimethylthiambutene Action Pathway,Dihydromorphine Action Pathway,Ketobemidone  Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Dopamine Activation of Neurological Reward System,Oxybuprocaine Action Pathway,Morphine Action Pathway,Hydrocodone Action Pathway,Oxymorphone Action Pathway,Remifentanil Action Pathway,Fluoxetine Action Pathway,Nicotine Action Pathway,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Propoxyphene Action Pathway,Anileridine Action Pathway,3-Methylthiofentanyl Action Pathway	
DB00989	Rivastigmine	approved,investigational	Rivastigmine is a parasympathomimetic or cholinergic agent for the treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type. Rivastigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that inhibits both butyrylcholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase.		
DB00990	Exemestane	approved,investigational	Exemestane is an oral steroidal aromatase inhibitor used in the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive (also called hormone-receptor-positive, estrogen-responsive) breast cancer in postmenopausal women. It irreversibly binds to the active site of the enzyme resulting in permanent inhibition.		
DB00991	Oxaprozin	approved	Oxaprozin is a non-narcotic, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), used to relieve the inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain associated with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.	Oxaprozin Action Pathway	
DB00992	Methyl aminolevulinate	approved,investigational	Methyl aminolevulinate is a prodrug that is metabolised to Protoporphyrin IX (a photosensitizer) used in photodynamic therapy.		
DB00993	Azathioprine	approved	Azathioprine is a prodrug of 6-mercaptopurine, first synthesized in 1956 by Gertrude Elion, William Lange, and George Hitchings in an attempt to produce a derivative of 6-mercaptopurine with a better therapeutic index.[A189678,A189687,A189690] Azathioprine is used to treat inflammatory conditions like rheumatoid arthritis and as an immunosuppressant in the prevention of renal transplant rejection.[L11214]Azathiprine was granted FDA approval on 20 March 1968.[L11214]	Azathioprine Action Pathway,Azathioprine Metabolism Pathway	
DB00994	Neomycin	approved,vet_approved	Neomycin is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic drug that is derived from the metabolic products of _Streptomyces fradiae_.[L11979] Neomycin is a complex comprised of three components, neomycin A, B, and C.[A191529] Neomycin B, also known as [framycetin], is the most active component of the complex and neomycin C is the isomer of neomycin B, making these two stereoisomers the active components of neomycin.[A175042,A191529] Neomycin A, or [neamine], is a moiety that conjoins two molecules of neomycin B and C together.[A175042] Neomycin is active against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and mediates its pharmacological action by binding to bacterial ribosomes and inhibiting protein synthesis, which is crucial for the survival of bacteria.[L11985] Neomycin sulfate is the most common form for pharmaceutical preparations; because the compound is a complex, the amount of neomycin in products is measured in units.[A191529] Neomycin sulfate as monotherapy is available in an oral solution for adjunct use in the treatment of hepatic coma.[L11979] It is also used in combination with [polymyxin B] sulfates and [hydrocortisone] in otic suspensions for use in the treatment of bacterial infections in the external auditory canal, including infections caused by medical procedures in the ear.[L10532] Neomycin is also used in combination with [polymyxin B] sulfates and [dexamethasone] in ophthalmic preparations for use in the treatment of inflammatory conditions and infections in the eye.[L10716] Neomycin is also available in over-the-counter topical products to prevent minor skin infections.		
DB00995	Auranofin	approved,investigational	Auranofin is a gold salt that is capable of eliciting pharmacologic actions that suppress inflammation and stimulate cell-mediated immunity. It has subsequently been listed by the World Health Organization as a member of the antirheumatic agent category. Auranofin appears to induce heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) mRNA. Heme oxygenase 1 is an inducible heme-degrading enzyme with anti-inflammatory properties.		
DB00996	Gabapentin	approved,investigational	Gabapentin is a structural analogue of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid ([GABA]) that was first approved for use in the United States in 1993.[L8717] It was originally developed as a novel anti-epileptic for the treatment of certain types of seizures[A186277,A186143] - today it is also widely used to treat neuropathic pain.[A14097,A186179] Gabapentin has some stark advantages as compared with other anti-epileptics, such as a relatively benign adverse effect profile, wide therapeutic index, and lack of appreciable metabolism making it unlikely to participate in pharmacokinetic drug interactions.[A186143,A185981,L8717]. It is structurally and functionally related to another GABA derivative, [pregabalin].		
DB00997	Doxorubicin	approved,investigational	Doxorubicin is a cytotoxic anthracycline antibiotic isolated from cultures of Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius. Doxorubicin binds to nucleic acids, presumably by specific intercalation of the planar anthracycline nucleus with the DNA double helix.	Doxorubicin Metabolism Pathway	
DB00998	Frovatriptan	approved,investigational	Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches, in particular those associated with menstruation. Frovatriptan causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins that supply blood to the head.		
DB00999	Hydrochlorothiazide	approved,vet_approved	Hydrochlorothiazide is the most commonly prescribed thiazide diuretic.[A185138] It is indicated to treat edema and hypertension.[A185138,L8447,L8450] Hydrochlorothiazide use is common but declining in favour of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.[A185138] Many combination products are available containing hydrochlorothiazide and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors[L8390,L8423] or angiotensin II receptor blockers.[L7426,L7459]Hydrochlorothiazide was granted FDA approval on 12 February 1959.[L8444]	Hydrochlorothiazide Action Pathway	
DB01000	Cyclacillin	approved	A cyclohexylamido analog of penicillanic acid.		
DB01001	Salbutamol	approved,vet_approved	Salbutamol is a short-acting, selective beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and COPD. It is 29 times more selective for beta2 receptors than beta1 receptors giving it higher specificity for pulmonary beta receptors versus beta1-adrenergic receptors located in the heart. Salbutamol is formulated as a racemic mixture of the R- and S-isomers. The R-isomer has 150 times greater affinity for the beta2-receptor than the S-isomer and the S-isomer has been associated with toxicity. This lead to the development of levalbuterol, the single R-isomer of salbutamol. However, the high cost of levalbuterol compared to salbutamol has deterred wide-spread use of this enantiomerically pure version of the drug. Salbutamol is generally used for acute episodes of bronchospasm caused by bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD). It is also used prophylactically for exercise-induced asthma.[Label,A174379,A174400]		
DB01002	Levobupivacaine	approved,investigational	Levobupivacaine is an amino-amide local anaesthetic drug belonging to the family of n-alkylsubstitutedpipecoloxylidide. It is the S-enantiomer of bupivacaine. Levobupivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name Chirocaine. In particular, the specific levobupivacaine enantiomer is a worthwhile pursuit because it demonstrates less vasodilation and possesses a greater length of action in comparison to bupivacaine. It is approximately 13 per cent less potent (by molarity) than racemic bupivacaine.Levobupivacaine is indicated for local anaesthesia including infiltration, nerve block, ophthalmic, epidural and intrathecal anaesthesia in adults; and infiltration analgesia in children. When administered appropriately, the occurrence of adverse effects is not anticipated much if at all. In general, the majority of potential adverse effects are predominantly associated with inappropriate administration methods that may cause systemic exposure and/or toxicity associated with overexposure to an anesthetic. Regardless, allergic reactions may also occur - although only rarely.	Levobupivacaine Action Pathway	
DB01003	Cromoglicic acid	approved	A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.		
DB01004	Ganciclovir	approved,investigational	An acyclovir analog that is a potent inhibitor of the Herpesvirus family including cytomegalovirus. Ganciclovir is used to treat complications from AIDS-associated cytomegalovirus infections.		
DB01005	Hydroxyurea	approved	An antineoplastic agent that inhibits DNA synthesis through the inhibition of ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase.		
DB01006	Letrozole	approved,investigational	Letrozole, or CGS 20267, is an oral non-steroidal type II aromatase inhibitor first described in the literature in 1990.[A190543,A1559,L11623,L11626] It is a third generation aromatase inhibitor like [exemestane] and [anastrozole], meaning it does not significantly affect cortisol, aldosterone, and thyroxine.[A190546]Letrozole was granted FDA approval on 25 July 1997.[L11623]		
DB01007	Tioconazole	approved	Tioconazole is an imidazole antifungal used to treat fungal and yeast infections. Topical formulations are used for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or "sun fungus". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability.		
DB01008	Busulfan	approved,investigational	Busulfan is a bifunctional alkylating agent, having a selective immunosuppressive effect on bone marrow. It is not a structural analog of the nitrogen mustards. It has been used in the palliative treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (myeloid leukemia, chronic), but although symptomatic relief is provided, no permanent remission is brought about. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), busulfan is listed as a known carcinogen.		
DB01009	Ketoprofen	approved,vet_approved	Ketoprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.	Ketoprofen Action Pathway	
DB01010	Edrophonium	approved	A rapid-onset, short-acting cholinesterase inhibitor used in cardiac arrhythmias and in the diagnosis of myasthenia gravis. It has also been used as an antidote to curare principles.		
DB01011	Metyrapone	approved,investigational	An inhibitor of the enzyme steroid 11-beta-monooxygenase. It is used as a test of the feedback hypothalamic-pituitary mechanism in the diagnosis of cushing syndrome.		
DB01012	Cinacalcet	approved	Cinacalcet is a calcimimetic sold by Amgen under the trade name Sensipar® in North America and Australia and as Mimpara® in Europe. It is used to treat hyperparathyroidism due to parathyroid tumours or renal failure.		
DB01013	Clobetasol propionate	approved	Clobetasol propionate is a prednisolone derivative with higher specificity for glucocorticoid receptors than mineralocorticoid receptors.[L11815] It has demonstrated superior activity compared to [fluocinonide][A190963] and was first described in the literature in 1974.[A190936]Clobetasol Propionate was granted FDA approval on 27 December 1985.[L11809]		
DB01014	Balsalazide	approved,investigational	Balsalazide is an anti-inflammatory drug used in the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease. It is sold under the name "Colazal" in the US and "Colazide" in the UK.The chemical name is (E)-5-[[-4-(2-carboxyethyl) aminocarbonyl] phenyl]azo] -2-hydroxybenzoic acid. It is usually administered as the disodium salt.Balsalazide works by deliverying mesalazine to the large intestine to act directly on ulcerative colitis. Mesalazine is also known as 5-aminosalicylic acid, or 5-ASA.		
DB01015	Sulfamethoxazole	approved	Sulfamethoxazole is a bacteriostatic sulfonamide antibiotic that interferes with folic acid synthesis in susceptible bacteria.[L11830] It is generally given in combination with [trimethoprim], which inhibits a sequential step in bacterial folic acid synthesis - these agents work synergistically to block two consecutive steps in the biosynthesis of nucleic acids and proteins which are necessary for bacterial growth and division, and using them in conjunction helps to slow the development of bacterial resistance.[L11830] In this combination, sulfamethoxazole is useful for the treatment of a variety of bacterial infections, including those of the urinary, respiratory, and gastrointestinal tracts.		
DB01016	Glyburide	approved	Glyburide is a second generation sulfonylurea used to treat patients with diabetes mellitus type II.[L8123] It is typically given to patients who cannot be managed with the standard first line therapy, [metformin].[L8123] Glyburide stimulates insulin secretion through the closure of ATP-sensitive potassium channels on beta cells, raising intracellular potassium and calcium ion concentrations.[A183617]Glyburide was granted FDA approval on 1 May 1984.[L8117] A formulation with metformin was granted FDA approval on on 31 July 2000.[L8120]	Glibenclamide Action Pathway	
DB01017	Minocycline	approved,investigational	Minocycline was first described in the literacture in 1966.[A190681] It is a second generation tetracycline antibiotic that is active against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria.[A190723] Like other semisynthetic tetracyclines, minocycline has modifications to carbons 7-9 on the D ring to generate higher efficacy than previous tetracyclines.[A190723]Minocycline was granted FDA approval on 30 June 1971.[L11695]	Minocycline Action Pathway	
DB01018	Guanfacine	approved,investigational	Guanfacine, or BS 100-141,[A189838,A189841] is a selective alpha-A2 adrenergic receptor agonist initially indicated for the treatment of hypertension[L11274] but is now indicated as an extended release tablet for the treatment of ADHD.[L11277] Guanfacine was first described in the literature in 1974.[A189841]Guanfacine was granted FDA approval on 27 October 1986.[L11274]		
DB01019	Bethanechol	approved	Bethanechol is a synthetic ester structurally and pharmacologically related to acetylcholine. A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, bethanechol is generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the GI tract following abdominal surgery or in urinary retention in the absence of obstruction. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms.		
DB01020	Isosorbide mononitrate	approved	Isosorbide mononitrate is an organic nitrate with vasodilating properties. It is an anti-anginal agent that works by relaxing the smooth muscles of both arteries and veins, but but predominantly veins to reduce cardiac preload.[L11698, L11743] Isosorbide mononitrate is an active metabolite of [isosorbide dinitrate]. Like other organic nitrates, isosorbide mononitrate acts as a prodrug for its active metabolite, [nitric oxide], which mediates the therapeutic action of isosorbide mononitrate.[L11743] Isosorbide mononitrate has a longer duration of action than [nitroglycerin] due to its slow onset of absorption and metabolism.[T28]First approved by the FDA in 1991,[L11743] isosorbide mononitrate is used for the prevention and management of angina pectoris caused by coronary artery disease; however, the onset of action of orally-administered isosorbide mononitrate is not rapid enough to offset an acute anginal episode.[L11698] It is available in oral tablets generically and under the brand name ISMO and Monoket. The extended-release forms of the drug are also available generically and under the brand name Imdur.[L11743]		
DB01021	Trichlormethiazide	approved,vet_approved	A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)	Trichlormethiazide Action Pathway	
DB01022	Phylloquinone	approved,investigational	Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. Phylloquinone is fat soluble and stable in air and moisture. However, it degrades in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.	Enoxaparin Action Pathway,Fondaparinux Action Pathway,Lepirudin Action Pathway,Alteplase Action Pathway,Anistreplase Action Pathway,Urokinase Action Pathway,Phenindione Action Pathway,Warfarin Action Pathway,Acenocoumarol Action Pathway,Dicumarol Action Pathway,Argatroban Action Pathway,Ximelagatran Action Pathway,Tenecteplase Action Pathway,Aminocaproic Acid Action Pathway,Dicoumarol Action Pathway,Phenprocoumon Action Pathway,Heparin Action Pathway,Ardeparin Action Pathway,Bivalirudin Action Pathway,Streptokinase Action Pathway,Reteplase Action Pathway,Tranexamic Acid Action Pathway,Aprotinin Action Pathway,Vitamin K Metabolism,Coagulation	
DB01023	Felodipine	approved,investigational	Felodipine is a long-acting 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker (CCB)b. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, felodipine prevents calcium-dependent myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. Felodipine is the most potent CCB in use and is unique in that it exhibits fluorescent activity. In addition to binding to L-type calcium channels, felodipine binds to a number of calcium-binding proteins, exhibits competitive antagonism of the mineralcorticoid receptor, inhibits the activity of calmodulin-dependent cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, and blocks calcium influx through voltage-gated T-type calcium channels. Felodipine is used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension.	Felodipine Metabolism Pathway,Felodipine Action Pathway	
DB01024	Mycophenolic acid	approved	Mycophenolic acid is an an immunosuppresant drug and potent anti-proliferative, and can be used in place of the older anti-proliferative azathioprine. It is usually used as part of triple therapy including a calcineurin inhibitor (ciclosporin or tacrolimus) and prednisolone. It is also useful in research for the selection of animal cells that express the E. coli gene coding for XGPRT (xanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase).	Mycophenolic Acid Metabolism Pathway	
DB01025	Amlexanox	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Amlexanox is an antiallergic drug, clinically effective for atopic diseases, especially allergic asthma and rhinitis. Amlexanox as a topical paste is a well tolerated treatment of recurrent aphthous ulcers. Recurrent aphthous ulcer (RAU) is the most prevalent oral mucosal disease in humans, estimated to affect between 5% and 50% of the general population.		
DB01026	Ketoconazole	approved,investigational	Ketoconazole is an imidazole antifungal agent used in the prevention and treatment of a variety of fungal infections.[FDA Label] It functions by preventing the synthesis of ergosterol, the fungal equivalent of cholesterol, thereby increasing membrane fluidity and preventing growth of the fungus.[A181802,T116] Ketoconazole was first approved in an oral formulation for systemic use by the FDA in 1981.[A188054] At this time it was considered a significant improvement over previous antifungals, [miconazole] and [clotrimazole], due to its broad spectrum and good absorption. However, it was discovered that ketoconazole produces frequent gastrointestinal side effects and dose-related hepatitis.[A188054,A188057] These effects combined with waning efficacy led to its eventual replacement by triazole agents, [fluconazole], [itraconazole], [voriconazole], and [posaconazole]. Ketoconazole and its predecessor [clotrimazole] continue to be used in topical formulations.		
DB01028	Methoxyflurane	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An inhalation anesthetic. Currently, methoxyflurane is rarely used for surgical, obstetric, or dental anesthesia. If so employed, it should be administered with nitrous oxide to achieve a relatively light level of anesthesia, and a neuromuscular blocking agent given concurrently to obtain the desired degree of muscular relaxation. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p180)		
DB01029	Irbesartan	approved,investigational	Irbesartan is an angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) indicated to treat hypertension or diabetic nephropathy.[L7456,L7459] It can also be used as part of a combination product with [hydrochlorothiazide] for patients not well controlled or not expected to be well controlled on monotherapy.[L7459] Unlike angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, ARBs are not associated with a dry cough.[L7456,L7459]Irbesartan was granted FDA approval on 30 September 1997.[L7456,L7459]	Irbesartan Action Pathway	
DB01030	Topotecan	approved,investigational	An antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer. It works by inhibiting DNA topoisomerases, type I.		
DB01031	Ethinamate	approved,illicit,withdrawn	Ethinamate is a short-acting sedative-hypnotic medication used to treat insomnia. Like many such similar medications, the regular use of ethinamate can result in the development of drug tolerance in a patient. Nevertheless, the medication itself is generally no longer effective after using it for greater than 7 days. Structurally, it does not resemble the barbituates, but it shares many effects with this class of drugs; the depressant effects of ethinamate are, however, generally milder than those of most barbiturates.		
DB01032	Probenecid	approved,investigational	The prototypical uricosuric agent. It inhibits the renal excretion of organic anions and reduces tubular reabsorption of urate. Probenecid has also been used to treat patients with renal impairment, and, because it reduces the renal tubular excretion of other drugs, has been used as an adjunct to antibacterial therapy.		
DB01033	Mercaptopurine	approved	An antimetabolite antineoplastic agent with immunosuppressant properties. It interferes with nucleic acid synthesis by inhibiting purine metabolism and is used, usually in combination with other drugs, in the treatment of or in remission maintenance programs for leukemia.	Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Azathioprine Metabolism Pathway,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Mercaptopurine Metabolism Pathway	
DB01034	Cerulenin	experimental	Cerulenin is an antifungal agent whose activity interferes with or otherwise acts to prevent the formation of fatty acids and sterols. In fatty acid synthesis, reported to bind in equimolar ratio to b-keto-acyl-ACP synthase. In sterol synthesis, inhibits HMG-CoA synthetase activity. It is also shown to inhibit feeding and induce dramatic weight loss in mice. It is found naturally in the Cephalosporium caerulensfungus.		
DB01035	Procainamide	approved	A derivative of procaine with less CNS action.	Procainamide (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway	
DB01036	Tolterodine	approved,investigational	Tolterodine is an antimuscarinic drug that is used to treat urinary incontinence. Tolterodine acts on M2 and M3 subtypes of muscarinic receptors.		
DB01037	Selegiline	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase. It is used in newly diagnosed patients with Parkinson's disease. It may slow progression of the clinical disease and delay the requirement for levodopa therapy. It also may be given with levodopa upon onset of disability. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p385) The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl.		
DB01038	Carphenazine	withdrawn	Carphenazine is an antipsychotic drug, used in hospitalized patients in the management of chronic schizophrenic psychoses.		
DB01039	Fenofibrate	approved	Fenofibrate is a fibric acid derivative like [clofibrate] and [gemfibrozil].[A185954] Fenofibrate is used to treat primary hypercholesterolemia, mixed dyslipidemia, severe hypertriglyceridemia.[L8588,L8591]Fenofibrate was granted FDA approval on 31 December 1993.[L8585]		
DB01041	Thalidomide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A piperidinyl isoindole originally introduced as a non-barbiturate hypnotic, but withdrawn from the market due to teratogenic effects. It has been reintroduced and used for a number of immunological and inflammatory disorders. Thalidomide displays immunosuppresive and anti-angiogenic activity. It inhibits release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha from monocytes, and modulates other cytokine action. [PubChem]		
DB01042	Melphalan	approved	An alkylating nitrogen mustard that is used as an antineoplastic in the form of the levo isomer - melphalan, the racemic mixture - merphalan, and the dextro isomer - medphalan; toxic to bone marrow, but little vesicant action; potential carcinogen.		
DB01043	Memantine	approved,investigational	Initially approved by the FDA in 2013, memantine is an N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist used in the management of Alzheimer's Disease (AD).  It is different from many other Alzheimer's Disease medications, as it works by a different mechanism than the cholinesterase enzyme inhibitors normally employed in the management of Alzheimer's disease [A1639].  Memantine blocks the effects of glutamate, a neurotransmitter in the brain that leads to neuronal excitability and excessive stimulation in Alzheimer's Disease [T556].In 2010, it was estimated that 36 million people worldwide live with Alzheimer's Disease. In 2013, this number increased to 44 million.  Almost doubling every 20 years, the prevalence of Alzheimer's Disease is predicted to reach 66 million by 2030 and to 115 million by 2050 [F4366]. In December 2013, the G8 dementia summit concluded that dementia should be considered a global priority with the objective of developing a cure or a disease-modifying therapy by the year 2025 [L5953, F4366].		
DB01044	Gatifloxacin	approved,investigational	Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic agent and a member of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family. It works by inhibiting the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. It was first introduced by Bristol-Myers Squibb in 1999 under the brand name Tequin® for the treatment of respiratory tract infections. Gatifloxacin is available as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy. It is also available as eye drops under the brand name Zymar® marketed by Allergan.		
DB01045	Rifampicin	approved	A semisynthetic antibiotic produced from Streptomyces mediterranei. It has a broad antibacterial spectrum, including activity against several forms of Mycobacterium. In susceptible organisms it inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity by forming a stable complex with the enzyme. It thus suppresses the initiation of RNA synthesis. Rifampin is bactericidal, and acts on both intracellular and extracellular organisms. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p1160)		
DB01046	Lubiprostone	approved,investigational	Lubiprostone is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. A prostaglandin E1 derivative, lubiprostone is a bicyclic fatty acid that activates ClC-2 chloride channels located on the apical side of the gastrointestinal epithelial cells. Activation of these channels promotes the secretion of a chloride-rich fluid that soften the stool, increase gastrointestinal motility, and induce spontaneous bowel movements (SBM).		
DB01047	Fluocinonide	approved,investigational	A topical glucocorticoid used in the treatment of eczema.		
DB01048	Abacavir	approved,investigational	Abacavir (ABC) is a powerful nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) used to treat HIV and AIDS. Chemically, it is a synthetic carbocyclic nucleoside and is the enantiomer with 1S, 4R absolute configuration on the cyclopentene ring. In vivo, abacavir sulfate dissociates to its free base, abacavir.	Abacavir Action Pathway	
DB01049	Ergoloid mesylate	approved	Ergoloid Mesylate is an equiproportional preparation of three different ergotamantriones: dihydroergocornine, dihydroergocristine, and dihydroergocryptine.[A32912] All these components are produced by the fungus _Claviceps purpurea_ and are all derivatives of the tetracyclic compound 6-methylergonovine.[T90] The derivatives of this fungus are identified to be about 350 different substances from which the components of the ergoloid mesylate mixture are composed of the dihydrogenated ergot alkaloid derivatives.[A32914] The mixture of ergoloid mesylate was first developed by Novartis and FDA approved on November 5, 1953, but this specific formulation is now discontinued.[L2639]Later in 1991, the mixture of ergoloid mesylates was retaken by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and approved by the FDA.[L2640] To know more about the individual components of the ergoloid mixture, please visit [DB11275], [DB11274], [DB11273] and [DB13345].		
DB01050	Ibuprofen	approved	Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) derived from propionic acid and it is considered the first of the propionics.[A39074] The formula of ibuprofen is 2-(4-isobutylphenyl) propionic acid and its initial development was in 1960 while researching for a safer alternative for aspirin.[A39075] Ibuprofen was finally patented in 1961 and this drug was first launched against rheumatoid arthritis in the UK in 1969 and USA in 1974. It was the first available over-the-counter NSAID.[A39076]On the available products, ibuprofen is administered as a racemic mixture. Once administered, the R-enantiomer undergoes extensive interconversion to the S-enantiomer _in vivo_ by the activity of the alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase. In particular, it is generally proposed that the S-enantiomer is capable of eliciting stronger pharmacological activity than the R-enantiomer.[A39194]	Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Metabolism Pathway	
DB01051	Novobiocin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Novobiocin is an antibiotic compound derived from _Streptomyces niveus_. It has a chemical structure similar to coumarin. Novobiocin binds to DNA gyrase, and blocks adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p189)		
DB01053	Benzylpenicillin	approved,vet_approved	Benzylpenicillin (Penicillin G) is narrow spectrum antibiotic used to treat infections caused by susceptible bacteria. It is a natural penicillin antibiotic that is administered intravenously or intramuscularly due to poor oral absorption. Penicillin G may also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms. Natural penicillins are considered the drugs of choice for several infections caused by susceptible gram positive aerobic organisms, such as *Streptococcus pneumoniae*, groups A, B, C and G streptococci, nonenterococcal group D streptococci, viridans group streptococci, and non-penicillinase producing staphylococcus. Aminoglycosides may be added for synergy against group B streptococcus (*S. agalactiae*), *S. viridans*, and *Enterococcus faecalis*. The natural penicillins may also be used as first or second line agents against susceptible gram positive aerobic bacilli such as *Bacillus anthracis*, *Corynebacterium diphtheriae*, and *Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae*. Natural penicillins have limited activity against gram negative organisms; however, they may be used in some cases to treat infections caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* and *Pasteurella*. They are not generally used to treat anaerobic infections. Resistance patterns, susceptibility and treatment guidelines vary across regions.		
DB01054	Nitrendipine	approved,investigational	Nitrendipine is a calcium channel blocker with marked vasodilator action. It is an effective antihypertensive agent and differs from other calcium channel blockers in that it does not reduce glomerular filtration rate and is mildly natriuretic, rather than sodium retentive.	Nitrendipine Action Pathway	
DB01055	Mimosine	experimental	Mimosine is an antineoplastic alanine-substituted pyridine derivative isolated from _Leucena glauca_.		
DB01056	Tocainide	approved	An antiarrhythmic agent which exerts a potential- and frequency-dependent block of sodium channels.	Tocainide Action Pathway	
DB01057	Echothiophate	approved	A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.		
DB01058	Praziquantel	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An anthelmintic used in most schistosome and many cestode infestations.		
DB01059	Norfloxacin	approved	A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. Norfloxacin inhibits bacterial DNA gyrase.		
DB01060	Amoxicillin	approved,vet_approved	Amoxicillin, or BRL-2333, is a penicillin G derivative first described in the literature in 1972.[A190648] Amoxicillin has similar activity to [penicillin] and [ampicillin], but leads to higher serum concentrations than ampicillin.[A190648]Amoxicillin was granted FDA approval on 18 January 1974.[L11644]		
DB01061	Azlocillin	approved	Azlocillin is a semisynthetic ampicillin-derived acylureido penicillin.		
DB01062	Oxybutynin	approved,investigational	Overactive bladder (OAB) is a common condition negatively impacting the lives of millions of patients worldwide.  Due to its urinary symptoms that include nocturia, urgency, and frequency, this condition causes social embarrassment and a poor quality of life.[A185996,A185999] Oxybutynin, also marketed as Ditropan XL, is an anticholinergic medication used for the relief of overactive bladder symptoms that has been optimized for high levels of safety and efficacy since initial FDA approval in 1975.[A183782,L8648] This drug relieves undesirable urinary symptoms, increasing the quality of life for patients affected by OAB.  It is often used as first-line therapy for OAB.[A185990]		
DB01063	Acetophenazine	approved	Acetophenazine is an antipsychotic drug of moderate-potency. It is used in the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. It is also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions). It primarily targets the dopamine D2 receptor.		
DB01064	Isoprenaline	approved,investigational	Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant.	Isoprenaline Action Pathway	
DB01065	Melatonin	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958.  In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature.  Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant.  Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.	Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB01066	Cefditoren	approved,investigational	Cefditoren is an oral third-generation cephalosporin. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Spectracef by Cornerstone BioPharma.		
DB01067	Glipizide	approved,investigational	Glipizide is an oral hypoglycemic agent in the second-generation sulfonylurea drug class that is used to control blood sugar levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. It was first introduced in 1984 [A179491] and is available in various countries including Canada and the U.S. According to the 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines by Diabetes Canada, sulfonylurea drugs are considered a second-line glucose-lowering therapy following metformin.[L6712] Because sulfonylureas require functional pancreatic beta cells for their therapeutic effectiveness, sulfonylureas are more commonly used for early-stage type 2 diabetes when there is no progressed pancreatic failure.[T28] Compared to the first-generation sulfonylureas, such as [tolbutamide] and [chlorpropamide], second-generation sulfonylureas contain a more non-polar side chain in their chemical structure, which enhances their hypoglycemic potency.[A179488] Compared to other members of the sulfonylurea drug group, glipizide displays rapid absorption and onset of action with the shortest half-life and duration of action, reducing the risk for long-lasting hypoglycemia that is often observed with blood glucose-lowering agents.[A179485] Glipizide was first approved by the FDA in 1994 and is available in extended-release tablets under the brand name Glucotrol®, as well as in combination with metformin under the brand name Metaglip®.		
DB01068	Clonazepam	approved,illicit	A benzodiazepine used to treat various seizures, including myotonic or atonic seizures, photosensitive epilepsy, and absence seizures, although tolerance may develop [FDA Label] [L5572, F3763, F3787, F3796]. The agent has also been indicated for treating panic disorder [FDA Label] [A175438, L5572, F3763, F3787, F3796]. The mechanism of action appears to involve the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses [FDA Label] [A175438, A175441, L5572, F3763, F3787, F3796].Since being first patented in 1960 and then released for sale from Roche in the US in 1975 [T469, T472], clonazepam has experienced a storied history in the treatment of the aforementioned medical conditions. Now available as a generic medication, the agent continues to see exceptionally high use as millions of prescriptions are written for the medication internationally every year. Unfortunately, however, like most benzodiazepines, clonazepam use has also been associated with recreational use and drug abuse [FDA Label] [L5572, F3763, F3787, F3796].		
DB01069	Promethazine	approved,investigational	Promethazine, originally known as 3,277 R.P., is an N-dimethylaminopropyl derivative of [phenothiazine] that was developed in France in 1946.[A189901] Promethazine antagonizes a variety of receptors, allowing it to be used for a number of indications including allergic reactions, pain, sedation, nausea, and vomiting.[A189907,A190153,A190159,A190150,A190171]Promethazine was granted FDA approval before 29 March 1951.[A190177,L4000]	Promethazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01070	Dihydrotachysterol	approved	A vitamin D that can be regarded as a reduction product of vitamin D2.		
DB01071	Mequitazine	experimental	Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.	Mequitazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01072	Atazanavir	approved,investigational	Atazanavir (formerly known as BMS-232632) is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. Like other antiretrovirals, it is used to treat infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Atazanavir is distinguished from other PIs in that it can be given once-daily (rather than requiring multiple doses per day) and has lesser effects on the patient's lipid profile (the amounts of cholesterol and other fatty substances in the blood). Like other protease inhibitors, it is used only in combination with other HIV medications. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved atazanavir on June 20, 2003.		
DB01073	Fludarabine	approved	Fludarabine is a chemotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of hematological malignancies. It is commonly marketed under the brand name Fludara.		
DB01074	Perhexiline	approved,investigational	Perhexiline is a coronary vasodilator used especially for angina of effort. It may cause neuropathy and hepatitis.		
DB01075	Diphenhydramine	approved,investigational	Diphenhydramine - perhaps known most commonly as its brand name formulation Benadryl - is a first-generation H1 receptor antihistamine that is used extensively for the treatment of seasonal allergies, insect bites and stings, and rashes [L5263, L5266, L5269, F3379]. However, it also has antiemetic, antitussive, hypnotic, and antiparkinson properties [L5269, F3352]. As histamine receptors exist both peripherally and in the central nervous system, diphenhydramine has been shown to cause sedation due to its competitive antagonism of histamine H1 receptors within the central nervous system [L5263, L5266, L5269, F3379, A174541]. While its use in allergy therapy can sometimes fall out of favor due to its sedative effect, diphenhydramine has been repurposed for use within many non-prescription over-the-counter sleep aids and cough-and-cold medications that have been marketed for "night time" use [L5263, L5281, L5287]. Diphenhydramine is also used in combination with [DB14132] as the anti-nausea drug [DB00985] where it is utilized primarily for its antagonism of H1 histamine receptors within the vestibular system [A1540].Diphenhydramine has also been shown to be implicated in a number of neurotransmitter systems that affect behaviour including dopamine, norepinephrine, serotonin, acetylcholine, and opioid [A1539]. As a result, diphenhydramine is being investigated for its anxiolytic and anti-depressant properties.	Diphenhydramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01076	Atorvastatin	approved	Atorvastatin (Lipitor®), is a lipid-lowering drug included in the statin class of medications. By inhibiting the endogenous production of cholesterol in the liver, statins lower abnormal cholesterol and lipid levels, and ultimately reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. More specifically, statin medications competitively inhibit the enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase,[A181421] which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid. This conversion is a critical metabolic reaction involved in the production of several compounds involved in lipid metabolism and transport, including cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (sometimes referred to as "bad cholesterol"), and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL). Prescribing statins is considered standard practice for patients following any cardiovascular event, and for people who are at moderate to high risk of developing cardiovascular disease. The evidence supporting statin use, coupled with minimal side effects and long term benefits, has resulted in wide use of this medication in North America.[A181087, A181406]Atorvastatin and other statins including [lovastatin], [pravastatin], [rosuvastatin], [fluvastatin], and [simvastatin] are considered first-line treatment options for dyslipidemia.[A181087, A181406] The increasing use of this class of drugs is largely attributed to the rise in cardiovascular diseases (CVD) (such as heart attack, atherosclerosis, angina, peripheral artery disease, and stroke) in many countries.[A181084] An elevated cholesterol level (elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels in particular) is a significant risk factor for the development of CVD.[A181087,A181553] Several landmark studies demonstrate that the use of statins is associated with both a reduction in LDL levels and CVD risk.[A181090,A181093,A181096,A181427,A181475,A181538] Statins were shown to reduce the incidences of all-cause mortality, including fatal and non-fatal CVD, as well as the need for surgical revascularization or angioplasty following a heart attack.[A181087, A181406] Some evidence has shown that even for low-risk individuals (with <10% risk of a major vascular event occurring within five years) statin use leads to a 20%-22% relative reduction in the number of major cardiovascular events (heart attack, stroke, coronary revascularization, and coronary death) for every 1 mmol/L reduction in LDL without any significant side effects or risks.[A181397, A181403]Atorvastatin was first synthesized in 1985 by Dr. Bruce Roth and approved by the FDA in 1996.[T568] It is a pentasubstituted pyrrole [A177415] formed by two contrasting moieties with an achiral heterocyclic core unit and a 3,5-dihydroxypentanoyl side chain identical to its parent compound.[T571] Unlike other members of the statin group, atorvastatin is an active compound and therefore does not require activation.[A177436]		
DB01077	Etidronic acid	approved	Etidronic acid is a first generation bisphosphonate similar to [clodronic acid] and [tiludronic acid].[A203111] These drugs were developed to mimic the action of pyrophosphate, a regulator of calcification and decalcification.[A1923] Etidronate’s use has decreased over the years in favor of the third generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate [zoledronic acid], [ibandronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid].[A203111]Etidronic acid was granted FDA approval on 1 September 1977.[L13901]		
DB01078	Deslanoside	approved	Deacetyllanatoside C. A cardiotonic glycoside from the leaves of Digitalis lanata.		
DB01079	Tegaserod	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Novartis' brand name Zelnorm (tegaserod) had originally received approval from the US FDA in 2002 for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C).[L5918,F4229] It was, however, voluntarily withdrawn from widespread use in the US market in 2007 after concerns arose over the possibility that tegaserod could potentially cause dangerous cardiovascular events in patients.[L5918,F4229] Since then, closer evaluations of the original data suggesting such cardiovascular risk have resulted in the limited reintroduction or 're-approval' of tegaserod for treatment of IBS-C specifically in female patients less than 65 years of age and whom are considered to be at a lower risk of a cardiovascular event than the broader population.[L5918,F4229] Zelnorm (tegaserod) by Sloan Pharma subsequently gained re-approval in April of 2019.[L5918] Nevertheless, tegaserod remains un-approved in certain regions.[F4226]Despite the relative complications involved in its history of regulatory approval, ever since its first introduction in 2002 tegaserod remains the only therapy for IBS-C that possesses the unique mechanism of action of acting on serotonin-4 (5-HT(4)) receptors in smooth muscle cells and in the gastrointestinal wall to facilitate actions like esophageal relaxation, peristaltic gut movement, and natural secretions in the gut, among others.[L5918,A11044,A176762,F4229,F4223]		
DB01080	Vigabatrin	approved	Vigabatrin is an analog of gamma-aminobutyric acid ([GABA]), the main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system, used in the treatment of refractory seizures and infantile spasms.[L13616] It irreversibly inhibits the enzyme responsible for GABA metabolism, thereby increasing levels of circulating GABA. Although administered as a racemic mixture, only the S(+) enantiomer is pharmacologically active.[A202037]It was first introduced as an antiepileptic agent in the United Kingdom in 1989 and was used extensively until 1997, when an association with vision loss became apparent.[A202124] Its use is now generally reserved for patients who have failed alternative therapies, and its US approval by the FDA in 2009 mandated the creation of a drug registry to monitor patients for visual deficits.[L13661,A202124]		
DB01081	Diphenoxylate	approved,illicit	A meperidine congener used as an antidiarrheal, usually in combination with atropine. At high doses, it acts like morphine. Its unesterified metabolite difenoxin has similar properties and is used similarly. It has little or no analgesic activity. This medication is classified as a Schedule V under the Controlled Substances Act by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the DEA in the United States when used in preparations. When diphenoxylate is used alone, it is classified as a Schedule II.	Diphenoxylate Action Pathway	
DB01082	Streptomycin	approved,vet_approved	Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the soil actinomycete Streptomyces griseus. It acts by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of susceptible organisms and disrupting the initiation and elongation steps in protein synthesis. It is bactericidal due to effects that are not fully understood.	Streptomycin Action Pathway	
DB01083	Orlistat	approved,investigational	Orlistat is a drug used in the treatment of obesity. Its primary function is preventing the absorption of fats from the human diet, thereby reducing caloric intake. Orlistat works by inhibiting pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine. Without this enzyme, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested.		
DB01084	Emedastine	approved	Emedastine is an antihistamine used in eye drops to treat allergic conjunctivitis.	Emedastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01085	Pilocarpine	approved,investigational	A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma.		
DB01086	Benzocaine	approved,investigational	A surface anesthetic that acts by preventing transmission of impulses along nerve fibers and at nerve endings.	Benzocaine Action Pathway	
DB01087	Primaquine	approved	An aminoquinoline that is given by mouth to produce a radical cure and prevent relapse of vivax and ovale malarias following treatment with a blood schizontocide. It has also been used to prevent transmission of falciparum malaria by those returning to areas where there is a potential for re-introduction of malaria. Adverse effects include anemias and GI disturbances. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopeia, 30th ed, p404)		
DB01088	Iloprost	approved,investigational	Iloprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin PGI2 that dilates systemic and pulmonary arterial vascular beds. It is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).		
DB01089	Deserpidine	approved	Deserpidine is an ester alkaloid drug isolated from Rauwolfia canescens (family Apocynaceae) with antipsychotic and antihypertensive properties that has been used for the control of high blood pressure and for the relief of psychotic behavior.		
DB01090	Pentolinium	approved	Pentolinium is a nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocking agent in hypertension.		
DB01091	Butenafine	approved	Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine's mechanism of action is believed to involve the synthesis inhibition of sterols. In particular, butenafine acts to inhibit the activity of the squalene epoxidase enzyme that is essential in the formation of sterols necessary for fungal cell membranes.		
DB01092	Ouabain	approved	A cardioactive glycoside consisting of rhamnose and ouabagenin, obtained from the seeds of Strophanthus gratus and other plants of the Apocynaceae; used like digitalis. It is commonly used in cell biological studies as an inhibitor of the NA(+)-K(+)-exchanging ATPase.		
DB01093	Dimethyl sulfoxide	approved,vet_approved	A highly polar organic liquid, that is used widely as a chemical solvent. Because of its ability to penetrate biological membranes, it is used as a vehicle for topical application of pharmaceuticals. It is also used to protect tissue during cryopreservation. Dimethyl sulfoxide shows a range of pharmacological activity including analgesia and anti-inflammation.		
DB01094	Hesperetin	experimental	Hesperetin belongs to the flavanone class of flavonoids. Hesperetin, in the form of its glycoside [hesperidin], is the predominant flavonoid in lemons and oranges.		
DB01095	Fluvastatin	approved	Fluvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reductase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Fluvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease. It is also the first entirely synthetic HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor and is structurally distinct from the fungal derivatives of this therapeutic class. Fluvastatin is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (3R,5S)- and (3S,5R)-fluvastatin.	Fluvastatin Action Pathway	
DB01096	Oxamniquine	approved	An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)		
DB01097	Leflunomide	approved,investigational	Leflunomide is a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor belonging to the DMARD (disease-modifying antirheumatic drug) class of drugs, which are chemically and pharmacologically very heterogeneous. Leflunomide was approved by FDA and in many other countries (e.g., Canada, Europe) in 1999.		
DB01098	Rosuvastatin	approved	Rosuvastatin, also known as the brand name product Crestor, is a lipid-lowering drug that belongs to the statin class of medications, which are used to lower the risk of cardiovascular disease and manage elevated lipid levels by inhibiting the endogenous production of cholesterol in the liver. More specifically, statin medications competitively inhibit the enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase,[A181421] which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid and is the third step in a sequence of metabolic reactions involved in the production of several compounds involved in lipid metabolism and transport including cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (sometimes referred to as "bad cholesterol"), and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL). Prescribing of statin medications is considered standard practice following any cardiovascular events and for people with a moderate to high risk of development of CVD, such as those with Type 2 Diabetes. The clear evidence of the benefit of statin use coupled with very minimal side effects or long term effects has resulted in this class becoming one of the most widely prescribed medications in North America.[A181087, A181406]Rosuvastatin and other drugs from the statin class of medications including [atorvastatin], [pravastatin], [simvastatin], [fluvastatin], and [lovastatin] are considered first-line options for the treatment of dyslipidemia.[A181087, A181406] This is largely due to the fact that cardiovascular disease (CVD), which includes heart attack, atherosclerosis, angina, peripheral artery disease, and stroke, has become a leading cause of death in high-income countries and a major cause of morbidity around the world.[A181084] Elevated cholesterol levels, and in particular, elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels, are an important risk factor for the development of CVD.[A181087,A181553] Use of statins to target and reduce LDL levels has been shown in a number of landmark studies to significantly reduce the risk of development of CVD and all-cause mortality.[A181090,A181093,A181096,A181427,A181475,A181538] Statins are considered a cost-effective treatment option for CVD due to their evidence of reducing all-cause mortality including fatal and non-fatal CVD as well as the need for surgical revascularization or angioplasty following a heart attack.[A181087, A181406] Evidence has shown that even for low-risk individuals (with <10% risk of a major vascular event occurring within 5 years) statins cause a 20%-22% relative reduction in major cardiovascular events (heart attack, stroke, coronary revascularization, and coronary death) for every 1 mmol/L reduction in LDL without any significant side effects or risks.[A181397, A181403]While all statin medications are considered equally effective from a clinical standpoint, rosuvastatin is considered the most potent; doses of 10 to 40mg rosuvastatin per day were found in clinical studies to result in a 45.8% to 54.6% decreases in LDL cholesterol levels, which is about three-fold more potent than [atorvastatin]'s effects on LDL cholesterol.[A181409,A1793] However, the results of the SATURN trial[A181427] concluded that despite this difference in potency, there was no difference in their effect on the progression of coronary atherosclerosis.Rosuvastatin is also a unique member of the class of statins due to its high hydrophilicity which increases hepatic uptake at the site of action, low bioavailability, and minimal metabolism via the Cytochrome P450 system.[A181523] This last point results in less risk of drug-drug interactions compared to [atorvastatin], [lovastatin], and [simvastatin], which are all extensively metabolized by Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4, an enzyme involved in the metabolism of many commonly used drugs.[A181460] Drugs such as [ciclosporin], [gemfibrozil], and some antiretrovirals are more likely to interact with this statin through antagonism of OATP1B1 organic anion transporter protein 1B1-mediated hepatic uptake of rosuvastatin.[F4649, F4652]	Rosuvastatin Action Pathway	
DB01099	Flucytosine	approved,investigational	A fluorinated cytosine analog that is used as an antifungal agent.		
DB01100	Pimozide	approved	A diphenylbutylpiperidine that is effective as an antipsychotic agent and as an alternative to haloperidol for the suppression of vocal and motor tics in patients with Tourette syndrome. Although the precise mechanism of action is unknown, blockade of postsynaptic dopamine receptors has been postulated. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p403)		
DB01101	Capecitabine	approved,investigational	Capecitabine is an orally-administered chemotherapeutic agent used in the treatment of metastatic breast and colorectal cancers. Capecitabine is a prodrug, that is enzymatically converted to fluorouracil (antimetabolite) in the tumor, where it inhibits DNA synthesis and slows growth of tumor tissue.	Capecitabine Action Pathway,Capecitabine Metabolism Pathway	
DB01102	Arbutamine	approved	Arbutamine, administered through a closed-loop, computer-controlled drug-delivery system, is indicated to elicit acute cardiovascular responses, similar to those produced by exercise, in order to aid in diagnosing the presence or absence of coronary artery disease in patients who cannot exercise adequately .	Arbutamine Action Pathway	
DB01103	Quinacrine	investigational	An acridine derivative formerly widely used as an antimalarial but superseded by chloroquine in recent years. It has also been used as an anthelmintic and in the treatment of giardiasis and malignant effusions. It is used in cell biological experiments as an inhibitor of phospholipase A2.		
DB01104	Sertraline	approved	Sertraline is a popular antidepressant medication commonly known as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), and is similar to drugs such as [Citalopram] and [Fluoxetine]. Despite marked structural differences between compounds in this drug class, SSRIs exert similar pharmacological effects.Several weeks of therapy with sertraline may be required before beneficial effects are noticed. Sertraline displays enhanced safety or tolerability than other classes of antidepressants, which frequently cause high levels of drowsiness, dizziness, blurred vision, and other undesirable effects.[A1846,A187075,T28]		
DB01105	Sibutramine	approved,illicit,investigational,withdrawn	Sibutramine (trade name Meridia in the USA, Reductil in Europe and other countries), usually as sibutramide hydrochloride monohydrate, is an orally administered agent for the treatment of obesity. It is a centrally acting stimulant chemically related to amphetamines thus it is classified as a Schedule IV controlled substance in the United States. In October 2010, Sibutramine was withdrawn from Canadian and U.S. markets due to concerns that the drug increases the risk of heart attack and stroke in patients with a history of heart disease.		
DB01106	Levocabastine	approved,investigational	Levocabastine is a selective second-generation H1-receptor antagonist used for allergic conjunctivitis. Levocabastine was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1979.	Levocabastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01107	Methyprylon	approved,illicit,withdrawn	Methyprylon is a sedative of the piperidinedione derivative family that was previously used for the treatment of insomnia. However, with the introduction of newer drugs with fewer side effects, such as benzodiazepines, the clinical use of methyprylon is now limited. Methyprylon was withdrawn from the U.S. market in June 1965 and the Canadian market in September 1990 due to adverse events.		
DB01108	Trilostane	approved,investigational,vet_approved,withdrawn	Trilostane is an inhibitor of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It was withdrawn from the United States market in April 1994.		
DB01109	Heparin	approved,investigational	Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.	Heparin Action Pathway,Fc Epsilon Receptor I Signaling in Mast Cells	
DB01110	Miconazole	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Miconazole is a broad-spectrum azole antifungal with some activity against Gram-positive bacteria as well.[A203636] It is widely used to treat mucosal yeast infections, including both oral and vaginal infections; although intravenous miconazole is no longer available, a wide variety of suppositories, creams, gels, and tablet-based products are available.[L14021, L14024, L14027, L14033, L14396] Miconazole is thought to act primarily through the inhibition of fungal CYP450 14α-lanosterol demethylase activity.[A203636, A203639]Miconazole was first synthesized in 1969 and first granted FDA approval on January 8, 1974, for sale by INSIGHT Pharmaceuticals as a topical cream.[A214523, L14021] It is currently available as a variety of prescription and over the counter products. Despite having been in clinical use for an extended period, resistance to miconazole among susceptible organisms is relatively low.[A203636]		
DB01111	Colistimethate	approved,vet_approved	Colistimethate is an antibiotic that has been shown to have bactericidal activity against aerobic gram-negative microorganisms. Colistimethate is particularly indicated when the infection is caused by sensitive strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.		
DB01112	Cefuroxime	approved	Broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic resistant to beta-lactamase. It has been proposed for infections with gram-negative and gram-positive organisms, gonorrhea, and haemophilus.		
DB01113	Papaverine	approved,investigational	An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels.		
DB01114	Chlorpheniramine	approved	A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine.	Chlorphenamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01115	Nifedipine	approved	Nifedipine, or BAY a 1040, is a first generation dihydropyridine L-type calcium channel blocker, similar to [nicardipine].[A190210,A190273,A175390,L11383] Nifedipine was developed by Bayer and first described in the literature, along with other dihydropyridines, in 1972.[A175390,A190276] Since nifedipine's development, second and third generation dihydropyridines have been developed with slower onsets and longer durations of action.[A190273] The most popular of the third generation dihydropyridines is [amlodipine].[A190273]Nifedipine was granted FDA approval on 31 December 1981.[L11383]	Nifedipine Action Pathway	
DB01116	Trimethaphan	approved,investigational	A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery.		
DB01117	Atovaquone	approved	Atovaquone is a hydroxynaphthoquinone, or an analog of ubiquinone, that has antimicrobial and antipneumocystis activity. It is being used in antimalarial protocols.		
DB01118	Amiodarone	approved,investigational	Amiodarone is a benzofuran derivative, anti-arrhythmic drug used commonly in a variety of settings.[A36817] Most known for its approved indication in life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, it is also used off-label in the outpatient and inpatient setting for atrial fibrillation. Because of its ability to cause serious toxicity and possibly death, amiodarone use should be reserved for its approved indications, according to prescribing information.[L3561,L11265,L11286]	Amiodarone Action Pathway	
DB01119	Diazoxide	approved	A benzothiadiazine derivative that is a peripheral vasodilator used for hypertensive emergencies. It lacks diuretic effect, apparently because it lacks a sulfonamide group.		
DB01120	Gliclazide	approved	Gliclazide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It has been classified differently according to its drug properties in which based on its chemical structure, gliclazide is considered a first-generation sulfonylurea due to the structural presence of a sulfonamide group able to release a proton and the presence of one aromatic group.[A39546] On the other hand, based on the pharmacological efficacy, gliclazide is considered a second-generation sulfonylurea which presents a higher potency and a shorter half-life.[T238, T360] Gliclazide belongs to the sulfonylurea class of insulin secretagogues, which act by stimulating &beta; cells of the pancreas to release insulin. Sulfonylureas increase both basal insulin secretion and meal-stimulated insulin release. Medications in this class differ in their dose, rate of absorption, duration of action, route of elimination and binding site on their target pancreatic &beta; cell receptor. Sulfonylureas also increase peripheral glucose utilization, decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis and may increase the number and sensitivity of insulin receptors. Sulfonylureas are associated with weight gain, though less so than insulin. Due to their mechanism of action, sulfonylureas may cause hypoglycemia and require consistent food intake to decrease this risk. The risk of hypoglycemia is increased in elderly, debilitated and malnourished individuals. Gliclazide has been shown to decrease fasting plasma glucose, postprandial blood glucose and glycosolated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels (reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control). Gliclazide is extensively metabolized by the liver; its metabolites are excreted in both urine (60-70%) and feces (10-20%).	Gliclazide Action Pathway	
DB01121	Phenacemide	approved	Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.		
DB01122	Ambenonium	approved	Ambenonium is a cholinesterase inhibitor. It is used in the management of myasthenia gravis.		
DB01123	Proflavine	approved	3,6-Diaminoacridine. Topical antiseptic used mainly in wound dressings.		
DB01124	Tolbutamide	approved,investigational	Tolbutamide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It is structurally similar to acetohexamide, chlorpropamide and tolazamide and belongs to the sulfonylurea class of insulin secretagogues, which act by stimulating β cells of the pancreas to release insulin. Sulfonylureas increase both basal insulin secretion and meal-stimulated insulin release. Medications in this class differ in their dose, rate of absorption, duration of action, route of elimination and binding site on their target pancreatic β cell receptor. Sulfonylureas also increase peripheral glucose utilization, decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis and may increase the number and sensitivity of insulin receptors. Sulfonylureas are associated with weight gain, though less so than insulin. Due to their mechanism of action, sulfonylureas may cause hypoglycemia and require consistent food intake to decrease this risk. The risk of hypoglycemia is increased in elderly, debilitated and malnourished individuals. Tolbutamide appears to be metabolized in the liver. Tolbutamide and its metabolites are excreted in urine (75-85%) and feces.		
DB01125	Anisindione	approved	Anisindione is a synthetic anticoagulant and an indanedione derivative. Its anticoagulant action is mediated through the inhibition of the vitamin K-mediated gamma-carboxylation of precursor proteins that are critical in forming the formation of active procoagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X, as well as the anticoagulant proteins C and S, in the liver.		
DB01126	Dutasteride	approved,investigational	Dutasteride is an oral synthetic 4-azasteroid commonly marketed under the trade name Avodart. It is a novel dual 5α-reductase inhibitor that works by blocking both isoforms of 5α-reductase enzymes in a potent, selective, and irreversible manner.[A1909] Type I and II 5α-reductase enzymes convert testosterone into dihydrotestosterone (DHT), a primary hormonal mediator that plays a role in the development and enlargement of the prostate gland. Dutasteride was approved by the FDA in 2001 for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men as monotherapy or in combination with the α-adrenergic antagonist [tamsulosin] to enhance the therapeutic response. Its clinical efficacy against benign prostate hyperplasia in male patients is comparable to that of [finasteride], a specific type II 5α-reductase inhibitor. However, unlike finasteride, dutasteride is not yet indicated for the treatment of androgenic alopecia although it was demonstrated to be effective in several randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials in androgenetic alopecia.[A178333,A178336]		
DB01127	Econazole	approved	A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally.		
DB01128	Bicalutamide	approved	Bicalutamide is an oral non-steroidal anti-androgen for prostate cancer. It is comprised of a racemic mixture that is a 50:50 composition of the (R)-bicalutamide and (S)-bicalutamide enantionmers. Bicalutamide binds to the androgen receptor.		
DB01129	Rabeprazole	approved,investigational	Rabeprazole is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It is a prodrug - in the acid environment of the parietal cells it turns into active sulphenamide form. Rabeprazole inhibits the H+, K+ATPase of the coating gastric cells and dose-dependent oppresses basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion.	Rabeprazole Metabolism Pathway,Rabeprazole Action Pathway	
DB01130	Prednicarbate	approved,investigational	Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug that displays a similar potency as [hydrocortisone]. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.		
DB01131	Proguanil	approved	Proguanil is a prophylactic antimalarial drug, which works by stopping the malaria parasite, _Plasmodium falciparum_ and _Plasmodium vivax_, from reproducing once it is in the red blood cells. It does this by inhibiting the enzyme, dihydrofolate reductase, which is involved in the reproduction of the parasite.		
DB01132	Pioglitazone	approved,investigational	Pioglitazone is an antihyperglycemic used as an adjunct to diet, exercise, and other antidiabetic medications to manage type 2 diabetes mellitus.[L11416,L11419,L11422,L11425] It is administered as a racemic mixture, though there is no pharmacologic difference between the enantiomers and they appear to interconvert _in vivo_ with little consequence.[L11416] The thiazolidinedione class of medications, which also includes [rosiglitazone] and [troglitazone], exerts its pharmacological effect primarily by promoting insulin sensitivity and the improved uptake of blood glucose[L11416] via agonism at the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARγ).[A19757] PPARs are ligand-activated transcription factors that are involved in the expression of more than 100 genes and affect numerous metabolic processes, most notably lipid and glucose homeostasis.[A19759]Thiazolidinediones, including pioglitazone, have fallen out of favor in recent years due to the presence of multiple adverse effects and warnings regarding their use (e.g. congestive heart failure, bladder cancer) and the availability of safer and more effective alternatives for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.[L11461]		
DB01133	Tiludronic acid	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Tiludronate, or (4-chlorophenyl)thio-methylene-1,1-bisphosphonate, is a first generation bisphosphonate similar to [etidronic acid] and [clodronic acid].[A1923,A203111] These drugs were developed to mimic the action of pyrophosphate, a regulator of calcification and decalcification.[A1923] Tiludronic acid was first described in the literature in 1988 as a potential treatment for Paget's disease of bone.[A202235]Tiludronic acid was granted FDA approval on 7 March 1997.[L4763]		
DB01134	Desoxycorticosterone pivalate	experimental,vet_approved	Desoxycorticosterone pivalate is a mineralocorticoid hormone and an analog of desoxycorticosterone. It is white, odorless, and stable in air. It is practically insoluble in water, sparingly soluble in acetone, slightly soluble in methanol, ether and vegetable oils. Federal (U.S.A.) law restricts this drug to use by or on the order of a licensed veterinarian.		
DB01135	Doxacurium	approved	Doxacurium chloride is a long-acting, nondepolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant for intravenous administration.		
DB01136	Carvedilol	approved,investigational	Carvedilol is a racemic mixture where the S(-) enantiomer is a beta adrenoceptor blocker and the R(+) enantiomer is both a beta and alpha-1 adrenoceptor blocker.[L7889,L7892] It is currently used to treat heart failure, left ventricular dysfunction, and hypertension.[L7889,L7892] The dual action of carvedilol is advantageous in combination therapies as moderate doses of 2 drugs have a decreased incidence of adverse effects compared to high dose monotherapy in the treatment of moderate hypertension.[A182306]Carvedilol was granted FDA approval on 14 September 1995.[L7889]	Carvedilol Action Pathway	
DB01137	Levofloxacin	approved,investigational	Levofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic and the optical S-(-) isomer of racemic [ofloxacin].[A190663] It reportedly carries 8 to 128-fold more activity against both gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria compared to R-(+)-ofloxacin[A190663] and remains stereochemically stable following administration (i.e. it does not invert to the inactive isomer).[L11638] Levofloxacin, along with other quinolones such as [gatifloxacin] and [moxifloxacin], is a member of the third generation of fluoroquinolones, colloquially referred to as the "respiratory quinolones" due to improved activity against gram-positive bacteria commonly implicated in respiratory infections.[A31453,A190756]Levofloxacin was first approved by the FDA in 1996, and was approved in Canada and several South American countries soon after.[A190663]		
DB01138	Sulfinpyrazone	approved	A uricosuric drug that is used to reduce the serum urate levels in gout therapy. It lacks anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and diuretic properties.		
DB01139	Cefapirin	approved,vet_approved	Cefapirin (INN, also spelled cephapirin), commonly marketed under the trade name Cefadyl, is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic that is available in injectable formulations. Production for use in humans has been discontinued in the United States. Cefapirin is partly plasma-bound and is effective against gram-negative and gram-positive organisms.		
DB01140	Cefadroxil	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn	Long-acting, broad-spectrum, water-soluble, cephalexin derivative.		
DB01141	Micafungin	approved,investigational	Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.		
DB01142	Doxepin	approved,investigational	Doxepin is a psychotropic agent with antidepressant and anxiolytic properties.[T559] It is a tertiary amine that can be presented as (E) and (Z) stereoisomers with the (Z) stereoisomer corresponding to [cidoxepin]. Doxepin commonly produces a 5:1 (E):(Z) racemic mixture.[T83] In a strict sense, doxepin is not a tricyclic antidepressant but it is commonly associated with the class since it shares a lot of properties with members of the drug family including [amitriptyline], [clomipramine], [desipramine], [imipramine], [nortriptyline], [protriptyline] and [trimipramine].[L5977] Doxepin was developed by Pfizer and FDA approved in 1969 as an antidepressant.[L5971] However, in 2010 it was approved for the treatment of insomnia. The latter indication was presented by Pernix Therapeutics.[L5974]	Doxepin H1-Antihistamine Action,Doxepin Metabolism Pathway	
DB01143	Amifostine	approved,investigational	A phosphorothioate proposed as a radiation-protective agent. It causes splenic vasodilation and may block autonomic ganglia.		
DB01144	Diclofenamide	approved,investigational	A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used in the treatment of glaucoma.		
DB01145	Sulfoxone	approved	Sulfoxone is a water-soluble sulfone used as an antileprosy drug. It has been used with limited success in the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis.		
DB01146	Diphenylpyraline	approved,investigational	Diphenylpyraline is an antihistamine. Antihistamines used in the treatment of allergy act by competing with histamine for H 1-receptor sites on effector cells. Antihistamines prevent, but do not reverse, responses mediated by histamine alone. Antihistamines antagonize, in varying degrees, most of the pharmacological effects of histamine, including urticaria and pruritus.	Diphenylpyraline H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01147	Cloxacillin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A semi-synthetic antibiotic that is a chlorinated derivative of oxacillin.		
DB01148	Flavoxate	approved	A drug that has been used in various urinary syndromes and as an antispasmodic. Its therapeutic usefulness and its mechanism of action are not clear. It may have local anesthetic activity and direct relaxing effects on smooth muscle as well as some activity as a muscarinic antagonist. [PubChem]		
DB01149	Nefazodone	approved,withdrawn	Nefazodone hydrochloride (trade name Serzone) is an antidepressant drug marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Its sale was discontinued in 2003 in some countries, due to the small possibility of hepatic (liver) injury. Drug-induced hepatic injuries were associated with an risk of elevated need for a liver transplant, or even death, with the incidence of severe liver damage was shown to be approximately 1 in 250,000 to 300,000 patient-years. On May 20, 2004, Bristol-Myers Squibb discontinued the sale of Serzone in the United States.		
DB01150	Cefprozil	approved	Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic that is commonly employed to treat a variety of bacterial infections, including those of the ear and skin, bronchitis, and others.		
DB01151	Desipramine	approved,investigational	Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical &beta;-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H<sub>1</sub> receptors, &alpha;<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use).	Imipramine Action Pathway,Desipramine Action Pathway,Imipramine Metabolism Pathway,Desipramine Metabolism Pathway	
DB01152	Candicidin	approved,withdrawn	Candicidin is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces (Streptomyces griseus) and active against some fungi of the genus Candida (C. albicans). Candicidin is administered intravaginally in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.		
DB01153	Sertaconazole	approved,investigational	Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available in topical formulations for the treatment of skin infections such as athlete's foot.		
DB01154	Thiamylal	approved,vet_approved	A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anesthesia, or for inducing a hypnotic state. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p919)		
DB01155	Gemifloxacin	approved,investigational	Gemifloxacin is a quinolone antibacterial agent with a broad-spectrum activity that is used in the treatment of acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis and mild-to-moderate pneumonia. It is available in oral formulations. Gemifloxacin acts by inhibiting DNA synthesis through the inhibition of both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are essential for bacterial growth.		
DB01156	Bupropion	approved	Bupropion (also known as the brand name product Wellbutrin®) is a norepinephrine/dopamine-reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) used most commonly for the management of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), and as an aid for smoking cessation. Bupropion exerts its pharmacological effects by weakly inhibiting the enzymes involved in the uptake of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine and dopamine from the synaptic cleft, therefore prolonging their duration of action within the neuronal synapse and the downstream effects of these neurotransmitters. More specifically, bupropion binds to the norepinephrine transporter (NET) and the dopamine transporter (DAT).[A6399,A178810]Bupropion was originally classified as an "atypical" antidepressant because it does not exert the same effects as the classical antidepressants such as Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors (MAOIs), Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCAs), or Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs). While it has comparable effectiveness to typical first-line options for the treatment of depression such as SSRIs,[A178798,A178804] bupropion is a unique option for the treatment of MDD as it lacks any clinically relevant serotonergic effects, typical of other mood medications, or any effects on histamine or adrenaline receptors.[A6399,A198804] Lack of activity at these receptors results in a more tolerable side effect profile; bupropion is less likely to cause sexual side effects, sedation, or weight gain as compared to SSRIs or TCAs, for example.[A178804,A178807]When used as an aid to smoking cessation, bupropion is thought to confer its anti-craving and anti-withdrawal effects by inhibiting dopamine reuptake, which is thought to be involved in the reward pathways associated with nicotine, and through the antagonism of the nicotinic acetylcholinergic receptor.[A178825,A1966,A16508] A Cochrane Review of meta-analyses of available treatment modalities for smoking cessation found that abstinence rates approximately doubled when bupropion was used as compared to placebo, and was found to have similar rates of smoking cessation as [nicotine] replacement therapy (NRT).[A178816]Bupropion is sometimes used as an add-on agent to first-line treatments of depression such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) medications when there is a treatment-failure or only partial response.[A178789] Bupropion is also used off-label for the management of Attention/Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in adults with comorbid bipolar depression to avoid mood destabilization caused by typical stimulant medications used for the treatment of ADHD.[F4624]When used in combination with [naltrexone] in the marketed product ContraveⓇ for chronic weight management, the two components are thought to have effects on areas of the brain involved in the regulation of food intake. This includes the hypothalamus, which is involved in appetite regulation, and the mesolimbic dopamine circuit, which is involved in reward pathways.[L6562] Studies have shown that the combined activity of bupropion and [naltrexone] increase the firing rate of hypothalamic pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) neurons and blockade of opioid receptor-mediated POMC auto-inhibition, which are associated with a reduction in food intake and increased energy expenditure.[L6562,A179038,A179050] The combination of naltrexone and bupropion was shown to result in a statistically significant weight loss, with a mean change in body weight of -6.3% compared to -1.3% for placebo.[A179047]		
DB01157	Trimetrexate	approved,investigational	A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.		
DB01158	Bretylium	approved	Bretylium blocks the release of noradrenaline from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. The primary mode of action for bretylium is thought to be inhibition of voltage-gated K(+) channels. Recent evidence has shown that bretylium may also inhibit the Na,K-ATPase by binding to the extracellular K-site.		
DB01159	Halothane	approved,vet_approved	A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. nitrous oxide is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficient muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)		
DB01160	Dinoprost tromethamine	approved,vet_approved	The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.		
DB01161	Chloroprocaine	approved	Chloroprocaine hydrochloride is a local anesthetic given by injection during surgical procedures and labor and delivery. Chloroprocaine, like other local anesthetics, blocks the generation and the conduction of nerve impulses, presumably by increasing the threshold for electrical excitation in the nerve, by slowing the propagation of the nerve impulse and by reducing the rate of rise of the action potential.	Chloroprocaine Action Pathway	
DB01162	Terazosin	approved	Terazosin is a quinazoline derivative alpha-1-selective adrenergic blocking agent indicated for benign prostatic hyperplasia and hypertension[FDA Label][A176831]. Terazosin blocks adrenaline's action on alpha-1 adrenergic receptors, causing relaxation of smooth muscle in blood vessels and the prostate[A176837].		
DB01163	Amdinocillin	investigational,withdrawn	Amidinopenicillanic acid derivative with broad spectrum antibacterial action. It is poorly absorbed if given orally and is used in urinary infections and typhus. Amdinocillin is not available in the United States.		
DB01164	Calcium chloride	approved	Calcium chloride is an ionic compound of calcium and chlorine. It is highly soluble in water and it is deliquescent. It is a salt that is solid at room temperature, and it behaves as a typical ionic halide. It has several common applications such as brine for refrigeration plants, ice and dust control on roads, and in cement. It can be produced directly from limestone, but large amounts are also produced as a by-product of the Solvay process. Because of its hygroscopic nature, it must be kept in tightly-sealed containers.		
DB01165	Ofloxacin	approved	A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication.		
DB01166	Cilostazol	approved,investigational	Cilostazol is a quinolinone derivative and antiplatelet agent with vasodilating properties that has been used in the symptomatic treatment of intermittent claudication in patients with peripheral ischaemia. It is marketed under the brand name Pletal by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co.. Cilostazol works by inhibiting both primary and secondary aggregation and reducing calcium-induced contractions.	Cilostazol Action Pathway	
DB01167	Itraconazole	approved,investigational	One of the triazole antifungal agents that inhibits cytochrome P-450-dependent enzymes resulting in impairment of ergosterol synthesis.  It has been used against histoplasmosis, blastomycosis, cryptococcal meningitis & aspergillosis.		
DB01168	Procarbazine	approved,investigational	An antineoplastic agent used primarily in combination with mechlorethamine, vincristine, and prednisone (the MOPP protocol) in the treatment of Hodgkin's disease.		
DB01169	Arsenic trioxide	approved,investigational	Arsenic trioxide is a chemotherapeutic agent of idiopathic function used to treat leukemia that is unresponsive to first line agents. It is suspected that arsenic trisulfide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis. In general, arsenic is known to be a naturally toxic substance capable of eliciting a variety of dangerous adverse effects. The enzyme thioredoxin reductase has recently been identified as a target for arsenic trioxide.		
DB01170	Guanethidine	approved	An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues. [PubChem]		
DB01171	Moclobemide	approved,investigational	A reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) selective for isoform A (RIMA) used to treat major depressive disorder. Most meta-analyses and most studies indicate that in the acute management of depression, moclobemide is more efficacious than placebo medication and similarly efficacious as tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs).  Due to negligible anticholinergic and antihistaminic actions, moclobemide has been better tolerated than tri- or heterocyclic antidepressants [A3901].		
DB01172	Kanamycin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.	Kanamycin Action Pathway	
DB01173	Orphenadrine	approved	A muscarinic antagonist used to treat drug-induced parkinsonism and to relieve pain from muscle spasm.	Orphenadrine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01174	Phenobarbital	approved,investigational	A barbituric acid derivative that acts as a nonselective central nervous system depressant. It promotes binding to inhibitory gamma-aminobutyric acid subtype receptors, and modulates chloride currents through receptor channels. It also inhibits glutamate induced depolarizations.		
DB01175	Escitalopram	approved	Escitalopram is a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor (SSRI) and the S-enantiomer of racemic [citalopram].[A185420] It is used to restore serotonergic function in the treatment of depression and anxiety.[L8513,L8516,L8522] Escitalopram is approximately 150 times more potent than citalopram’s R-enantiomer and is responsible for the vast majority of citalopram’s clinical activity, with some evidence suggesting that the R-enantiomer of racemic citalopram actively dampens the activity of escitalopram rather than existing simply as an inactive enantiomer.[A39738,A185819] Amongst SSRIs, escitalopram exerts the highest degree of selectivity for the serotonin transporter (SERT) relative to other off-targets which may explain its lower rates of adverse effects as compared to other agents in this class.[A185726] Escitalopram also differentiates itself from other SSRIs via allosteric action on its target - this may be the mechanism responsible for its observed superior efficacy and faster onset compared to other SSRIs.[A185825,A185726,A185822]	Escitalopram Action Pathway	
DB01176	Cyclizine	approved	A histamine H1 antagonist given by mouth or parenterally for the control of postoperative and drug-induced vomiting and in motion sickness. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p935)	Cyclizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01177	Idarubicin	approved	An orally administered anthracycline antineoplastic. The compound has shown activity against breast cancer, lymphomas and leukemias, together with the potential for reduced cardiac toxicity.		
DB01178	Chlormezanone	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm.		
DB01179	Podofilox	approved	A lignan found in podophyllin resin from the roots of podophyllum plants. It is a potent spindle poison, toxic if taken internally, and has been used as a cathartic. It is very irritating to skin and mucous membranes, has keratolytic actions, has been used to treat warts and keratoses, and may have antineoplastic properties, as do some of its congeners and derivatives.		
DB01180	Rescinnamine	approved	Rescinnamine is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug. It is an alkaloid obtained from _Rauwolfia serpentina_ and other species of _Rauwolfia_.	Rescinnamine Action Pathway	
DB01181	Ifosfamide	approved	Ifosfamide is a chemotherapeutic agent chemically related to the nitrogen mustards and a synthetic analog of cyclophosphamide. It is active as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppressive agent.	Ifosfamide Metabolism Pathway,Ifosfamide Action Pathway	
DB01182	Propafenone	approved	An antiarrhythmia agent that is particularly effective in ventricular arrhythmias. It also has weak beta-blocking activity. The drug is generally well tolerated.		
DB01183	Naloxone	approved,vet_approved	Naloxone is an opioid antagonist medication used to block or reverse the effects of opioid drugs, particularly within the setting of drug overdoses which are rapidly becoming a leading cause of death worldwide. More specifically, naloxone has a high affinity for μ-opioid receptors, where it acts as an inverse agonist, causing the rapid removal of any other drugs bound to these receptors. When taken in large quantities, opioid medications such as [morphine], [hydromorphone], [methadone], [heroin], or [fentanyl] are capable of causing life-threatening symptoms such as respiratory depression, reduced heart rate, slurred speech, drowsiness, and constricted pupils. If untreated, this can progress to vomiting, absent pulse and breathing, loss of consciousness, and even death. Naloxone is indicated for the rapid reversal of these symptoms of central nervous system depression in opioid overdose. It's important to note that naloxone only works on opioid receptors within the body, and is therefore not capable of reversing the effects of non-opioid medications such as stimulants like [methamphetamine] or [cocaine], or benzodiazepines like [lorazepam] or [diazepam]. Also known as the brand name product Narcan, naloxone is currently available by intramuscular (IM) or subcutaneous (SubQ) injection, nasal spray, or intravenous (IV) infusion. Naloxone IM injections are commonly available in the form of "kits", which is ideal for making overdose treatment accessible and readily available for administration by minimally trained individuals within the community. Kits commonly include the supplies necessary to treat an overdose in a non-medical setting such as alcohol swabs, syringes, a rescue breathing mask, and instructions for use. Frequently also carried by medical and emergency personnel and at events known to be associated with heavy drug use like music festivals, naloxone kits are considered a key component of harm reduction strategies.When injected intramuscularly (IM), naloxone acts within 3-5 minutes. Administration of naloxone is associated with very few side effects. Notably, if injected into a person not currently using opioid medications, there would be no noticeable effects at all. However, for individuals using opioid medications or experiencing an overdose, IM injection of naloxone rapidly reverses opioid effects and can cause the injected individual to immediately experience withdrawal symptoms. Common symptoms of opioid withdrawal include nausea, vomiting, sweating, runny nose, aches, and diarrhea. Although certainly physically uncomfortable, opioid withdrawal symptoms are not life-threatening; administration of naloxone is therefore appropriate for any person appearing to have any symptoms of an opioid overdose. Due to its short duration of action, persons injected with naloxone should be monitored for responsiveness and potentially injected a second time or taken to the hospital.Naloxone is also available within the combination product Suboxone with the opioid medication [buprenorphine]. Suboxone is used for the maintenance treatment of opioid dependence and addiction. When taken orally, naloxone has no pharmacological effect and does not reduce the effectiveness of the opioid effect of buprenorphine. The primary purpose of including naloxone within Suboxone is to act as a deterrent to injection, as injected naloxone would rapidly reverse the effects of buprenorphine.	Naloxone Action Pathway	
DB01184	Domperidone	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms.		
DB01185	Fluoxymesterone	approved,illicit	An anabolic steroid that has been used in the treatment of male hypogonadism, delayed puberty in males, and in the treatment of breast neoplasms in women.		
DB01186	Pergolide	approved,investigational,vet_approved,withdrawn	Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist approved in 1982 for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease. It is an ergot derivative that acts on the dopamine D2 and D3, alpha2- and alpha1-adrenergic, and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors. It was indicated as adjunct therapy with levodopa/carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonian syndrome. It was later found that pergolide increased the risk of cardiac valvulopathy. The drug was withdrawn from the US market in March 2007 and from the Canadian market in August 2007. While the use of pergolide in humans is still approved in only some countries, pergolide is mainly used for veterinary purposes.		
DB01187	Iophendylate	approved	Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".		
DB01188	Ciclopirox	approved,investigational	Ciclopirox olamine (used in preparations called Batrafen, Loprox, Mycoster, Penlac and Stieprox) is a synthetic antifungal agent for topical dermatologic treatment of superficial mycoses. In particular, the agent is especially effective in treating Tinea versicolor.		
DB01189	Desflurane	approved	Desflurane is a highly fluorinated methyl ethyl ether used for maintenance of general anaesthesia. Volatile agents such as desflurane may activate GABA channels and hyperpolarize cell membranes. In addition, they may inhibit certain calcium channels and therefore prevent release of neurotransmitters and inhibit glutamate channels. Volatile anesthetics easily partition into cellular membranes and could expand the volume of the cell membrane and subsequently distort channels necessary for sodium ion flux and the development of action potentials necessary for synaptic transmission. Desflurane preconditions human myocardium against ischemia through activation of mitochondrial K(ATP) channels, adenosine A1 receptor, and alpha and beta adrenoceptors.		
DB01190	Clindamycin	approved,vet_approved	Clindamycin is a semi-synthetic lincosamide antibiotic used in the treatment of a variety of serious infections due to susceptible microorganisms[L11599,L11596] as well as topically for acne vulgaris.[L11593] It has a relatively narrow spectrum of activity that includes anaerobic bacteria as well as gram-positive cocci and bacilli and gram-negative bacilli.[A190621] Interestingly, clindamycin appears to carry some activity against protozoans, and has been used off-label in the treatment of toxoplasmosis, malaria, and babesiosis.[A190657]Clindamycin is derived from, and has largely replaced, [lincomycin], a naturally occurring lincosamide and the eponymous member of this antibiotic class, due to its improved properties over the parent compound. The name lincomycin is derived from Lincoln, Nebraska, where it was first isolated from _Streptomyces lincolnensis_ found in a soil sample.[A190621]	Clindamycin Action Pathway	
DB01191	Dexfenfluramine	approved,illicit,investigational,withdrawn	Dexfenfluramine, also marketed under the name Redux, is a serotoninergic anorectic drug. For a fairly limited time during the middle of the nineties, the US FDA had approved it for use in managing weight loss. However, following multiple concerns about the cardiovascular side-effects of the drug, such approval was withdrawn.		
DB01192	Oxymorphone	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An opioid analgesic with actions and uses similar to those of morphine, apart from an absence of cough suppressant activity. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including pain in obstetrics. It may also be used as an adjunct to anesthesia (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1092). On June 8, 2017, FDA requested Endo Pharmaceuticals to remove the medication from the market due to opioid misuse and abuse risks associated with the product's injectable reformulation.	Oxymorphone Action Pathway	
DB01193	Acebutolol	approved,investigational	A cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.	Acebutolol Action Pathway	
DB01194	Brinzolamide	approved	Brinzolamide is a highly specific, non-competitive, reversible carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase (CA) is an enzyme found in many tissues of the body including the eye. It catalyzes the reversible reaction involving the hydration of carbon dioxide and the dehydration of carbonic acid. In humans, carbonic anhydrase exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active being carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. The result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.		
DB01195	Flecainide	approved,withdrawn	Flecainide is a Class I anti-arrhythmic agent like [encainide] and [propafenone].[A186880] Flecainide’s development began in 1966 and was first synthesized in 1972 as an attempt to generate new anesthetics.[A186931] It is used to prevent supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias, as well as paroxysmal atrial fibrillation and flutter.[L8878,L5056]Flecainide was granted FDA approval on 31 October 1985.[L8875]	Flecainide Action Pathway	
DB01196	Estramustine	approved,investigational	A nitrogen mustard linked to estradiol, usually as phosphate; used to treat prostatic neoplasms; also has radiation protective properties.		
DB01197	Captopril	approved	Captopril is a potent, competitive inhibitor of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Captopril may be used in the treatment of hypertension.	Captopril Action Pathway	
DB01198	Zopiclone	approved	Zopiclone is a novel hypnotic agent used in the treatment of insomnia. Its mechanism of action is based on modulating benzodiazepine receptors. In addition to zopiclone's benzodiazepine pharmacological properties it also has some barbiturate like properties.		
DB01199	Tubocurarine	approved	Tubocurarine is a non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent and the first identified curare alkaloid.[A216008] Curare is one of the names used to describe plant-derived poisons used by indigenous South Americans to coat the tips of hunting arrows and darts, which were typically derived from plants of the genera _Chondrodendron_ and _Strychnos_.[A216008] Tubocurarine is a benzylisoquinoline derivative and shares this structural backbone with a number of plant-derived alkaloids, including [morphine] and [papaverine].[A216028] It was first isolated by Harold King in 1935 and was used clinically to induce neuromuscular blockade during surgeries, particularly those involving the abdomen.[A216038] Tubocurarine's clinical use was limited by its relatively long duration of action (30-60 minutes)[A216038] and a number of significant side effects.[A216048] Safer and more pharmacokinetically favorable non-depolarizing neuromuscular blockers, such as [rocuronium], have largely replaced the use of tubocurarine in the clinical setting.[A216048]		
DB01200	Bromocriptine	approved,investigational	Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis.		
DB01201	Rifapentine	approved,investigational	Rifapentine is an antibiotic drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme.		
DB01202	Levetiracetam	approved	Levetiracetam is a drug within the pyrrolidine class that is used to treat various types of seizures stemming from epileptic disorders. It was first approved for use in the United States in 1999 and is structurally and mechanistically unrelated to other anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs).[L8606,L8600,L8615] Levetiracetam possesses a wide therapeutic index[L8615,A185918] and little-to-no potential to produce, or be subject to, pharmacokinetic interactions[L8606,L8600,L8615] - these characteristics make it a desirable choice over other AEDs, a class of drugs notorious for having generally narrow therapeutic indexes and a propensity for involvement in drug interactions.[A185927]		
DB01203	Nadolol	approved	Nadolol is a nonselective beta adrenal receptor blocker that is used to lower blood pressure.[L7922,L7925] Nonselective beta adrenal receptor blockers may no longer be first line in the treatment of hypertension as newer generations of beta adrenal receptor blockers have higher selectivity and offer better rates of adverse effects.[A34177]Nadolol was granted FDA approval on 10 December 1979.[L7922]	Nadolol Action Pathway	
DB01204	Mitoxantrone	approved,investigational	An anthracenedione-derived antineoplastic agent.		
DB01205	Flumazenil	approved	Fumazenil is an imidazobenzodiazepine derivative and a potent benzodiazepine receptor antagonist that competitively inhibits the activity at the benzodiazepine recognition site on the GABA/benzodiazepine receptor complex, thereby reversing the effects of benzodiazepine on the central nervous system.		
DB01206	Lomustine	approved,investigational	An alkylating agent of value against both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors.		
DB01207	Ridogrel	experimental	Ridogrel is a dual action drug useful for the prevention of systemic thrombo-embolism and as an adjunctive agent to thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction. However, there currently are no clinical indications for preferential use of ridogrel over aspirin.		
DB01208	Sparfloxacin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Sparfloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic indicated for bacterial infections. Sparfloxacin exerts its antibacterial activity by inhibiting DNA gyrase, a bacterial topoisomerase. DNA gyrase is an essential enzyme which controls DNA topology and assists in DNA replication, repair, deactivation, and transcription.		
DB01209	Dezocine	approved,investigational	Dezocine is a partial opiate drug and is used for pain management. Dezocine is a very effective alternative to fentanyl when administered during outpatient laparoscopy, although is associated with an increased incidence of postoperative nausea.	Dezocine Action Pathway	
DB01210	Levobunolol	approved	A nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist used in the treatment of glaucoma.	Levobunolol Action Pathway	
DB01211	Clarithromycin	approved	Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.	Clarithromycin Action Pathway	
DB01212	Ceftriaxone	approved	Ceftriaxone is a broad-spectrum third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.[A215582] It has a very long half-life compared to other cephalosporins and is high penetrable into the meninges[A215582], eyes[A215647], and inner ear[A215627]. Ceftriaxone has broader and stronger gram-negative coverage then first or second-generation cephalosporins, but worse activity against methicillin-susceptible S.aureus. Ceftriaxone is a commonly used antimicrobial due to its good activity against multi-drug resistant Enterobacteriaceae, its relatively safe adverse effect profile, and its long half-life which allows for the convenience of daily or twice-daily dosing.[A215582]		
DB01213	Fomepizole	approved,vet_approved	Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.		
DB01214	Metipranolol	approved	A beta-adrenergic antagonist effective for both beta-1 and beta-2 receptors. It is used as an antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive, and antiglaucoma agent.	Metipranolol Action Pathway	
DB01215	Estazolam	approved,illicit	A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and muscle relaxant properties. It has been shown in some cases to be more potent than diazepam or nitrazepam.		
DB01216	Finasteride	approved	Finasteride is a synthetic 4-azasteroid compound [L10565] and specific inhibitor of steroid Type II 5α-reductase, which is an intracellular enzyme that converts the androgen testosterone into 5α-dihydrotestosterone (DHT). It works in a similar fashion as [dutasteride], which is another 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor, by exerting antiandrogenic effects. Finasteride is an orally active drug that was first approved by the FDA in 1992 for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia to improve symptoms and reduce the risk for acute urinary retention or the need for surgical procedures.[L6244,L10565] In 1998, it was approved by the FDA to treat male pattern hair loss.[L6244] Finasteride is commonly marketed under the brand names Propecia and Proscar to be used aloneo or in combination with [doxazosin], an alpha-blocker.Both benign prostatic hyperplasia and androgenic alopecia are androgen-dependent disorders that are characterized by _in situ_ high levels of DHT.[A178159] In the treatment of benign prostate hyperplasia, alpha-blockers such as [tamsulosin] and [terazosin] are also used. Compared to alpha-blockers that focus on providing the rapid relief of symptoms, 5α-reductase inhibitors aim to target the underlying disease by blocking the effects of the primary androgen involved in benign prostate hyperplasia and androgenic alopecia, thus reducing the risk for secondary complications while providing symptom control.[A2132]		
DB01217	Anastrozole	approved,investigational	Anastrozole is a non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor (AI), similar to [letrozole], used to decrease circulating estrogen levels in the treatment of postmenopausal women with estrogen-responsive breast cancer.[L8863] Anastrozole is also related to [exemestane], a steroidal AI, but its non-steroidal nature provides stark advantages including a lack of steroid-associated adverse effects such as weight gain and acne.[A186865] Aromatase inhibitors, including anastrozole, have become endocrine drugs of choice in the treatment of postmenopausal breast cancer due to a more favourable efficacy and adverse effect profile as compared to earlier estrogen receptor modulators such as [tamoxifen].[A186877,A186955]Anastrozole was first approved for use in the United States in 1995.[L8863]		
DB01218	Halofantrine	approved	Halofantrine is an antimalarial. It belongs to the phenanthrene class of compounds that includes quinine and lumefantrine. It appears to inhibit polymerisation of heme molecules (by the parasite enzyme "heme polymerase"), resulting in the parasite being poisoned by its own waste. Halofantrine has been shown to preferentially block open and inactivated HERG channels leading to some degree of cardiotoxicity.		
DB01219	Dantrolene	approved,investigational	Chemically, dantrolene is a hydantoin derivative, but does not exhibit antiepileptic activity like other hydantoin derivates such as phenytoin.		
DB01220	Rifaximin	approved,investigational	Rifaximin is a semisynthetic, rifamycin-based non-systemic antibiotic, meaning that the drug will not pass the gastrointestinal wall into the circulation as is common for other types of orally administered antibiotics. It has multiple indications and is used in treatment of traveller's diarrhea caused by E. coli; reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence; as well as diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D) in adult women and men. It is marketed under the brand name Xifaxan by Salix Pharmaceuticals.		
DB01221	Ketamine	approved,vet_approved	Ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist with a potent anesthetic effect.[A31869] It was developed in 1963 as a replacement for phencyclidine (PCP) by Calvin Stevens at Parke Davis Laboratories. It started being used for veterinary purposes in Belgium and in 1964 was proven that compared to PCP, it produced minor hallucinogenic effects and shorter psychotomimetic effects. It was FDA approved in 1970, and from there, it has been used as an anesthetic for children or patients undergoing minor surgeries but mainly for veterinary purposes.[L1332]		
DB01222	Budesonide	approved	Budesonide is a glucocorticoid that is a mix of the 22R and 22S epimer used to treat inflammatory conditions of the lungs and intestines such as asthma, COPD, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis.[A188529,A188532]Budesonide was granted FDA approval on 14 February 1994.[L10598]		
DB01223	Aminophylline	approved	Aminophylline is a drug combination that contains theophylline and ethylenediamine in a 2:1 ratio. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Similar to other theophyllines, aminophylline is indicated for the treatment of lung diseases such as asthma, chronic bronchitis, and COPD. The majority of aminophylline medications are discontinued and the remaining medications on the market are in short supply.		
DB01224	Quetiapine	approved	Initially approved by the FDA in 1997, quetiapine is a second-generation atypical antipsychotic used in schizophrenia, major depression, and bipolar disorder.[L8546] Quetiapine demonstrates a high level of therapeutic efficacy and low risk of adverse effects during long-term treatment. It is well-tolerated and a suitable option for some patients with high sensitivity to other drugs, such as [Clozapine] and [Olanzapine].[A2189]	Quetiapine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01225	Enoxaparin	approved	Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin. Enoxaparin is used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa. Factor Xa catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, so enoxaparin's inhibition of this process results in decreased thrombin and ultimately the prevention of fibrin clot formation. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.		
DB01226	Mivacurium	approved	Mivacurium is a bisbenzylisoquinolinium based neuromuscular blocker or muscle relaxant. It binds competitively to cholinergic receptors on the motor end-plate to antagonize the action of acetylcholine, resulting in a block of neuromuscular transmission.		
DB01227	Levacetylmethadol	approved,investigational	A narcotic analgesic with a long onset and duration of action. It is used mainly in the treatment of narcotic dependence.	Levomethadyl Acetate Action Action Pathway,Levomethadyl Acetate Metabolism Pathway	
DB01228	Encainide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.		
DB01229	Paclitaxel	approved,vet_approved	Paclitaxel is a chemotherapeutic agent marketed under the brand name Taxol among others. Used as a treatment for various cancers, paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor that was first isolated in 1971 from the bark of the Pacific yew tree which contains endophytic fungi that synthesize paclitaxel. It is available as an intravenous solution for injection and the newer formulation contains albumin-bound paclitaxel marketed under the brand name Abraxane.	Paclitaxel Action Pathway	
DB01230	Pemoline	approved,illicit,investigational,withdrawn	In 2005, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) withdrew approval for pemoline. In March 2005, Abbott Laboratories (Cylert marketer) had discontinued the production of Cylert arguing economic reasons.		
DB01231	Diphenidol	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.		
DB01232	Saquinavir	approved,investigational	Saquinavir is an HIV-1 protease inhibitor used in combination with [ritonavir] and other antiretrovirals for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus-1 (HIV-1) infection. In 1995 it became the first protease inhibitor approved by the FDA, followed shortly by ritonavir in 1996, and remains in clinical use today due to a relatively benign adverse effect profile as compared to other antiretroviral therapies.[A214382] While its efficacy was initially limited by exceptionally poor oral bioavailability (approximately 4%),[L3450] its current indications require the co-administration of ritonavir - a potent enzyme inhibitor - that increases the bioavailability and subsequent serum concentrations of saquinavir, thus dramatically improving antiviral activity.[A214382,L3450,L14351]		
DB01233	Metoclopramide	approved,investigational	Diabetic gastroparesis is a condition that causes frequent nausea and vomiting, which has a negative impact on quality of life and poses a significant burden on the healthcare system.[A184934] Metoclopramide is a dopamine antagonist used to treat nausea and vomiting that may be associated with diabetic gastroparesis in addition to gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It can also be used to prevent nausea or vomiting associated with chemotherapy or certain surgical or diagnostic procedures.[L8417] One unique property of this drug is that it does not increase gastric acid secretion. It is available in the oral tablet form or in solution, and can also be administered through the intravenous route.[T683] Metoclopramide was initially approved by the FDA in 1980.[A184922]		
DB01234	Dexamethasone	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Dexamethasone, or MK-125, is a corticosteroid fluorinated at position 9 used to treat endocrine, rheumatic, collagen, dermatologic, allergic, ophthalmic, gastrointestinal, respiratory, hematologic, neoplastic, edematous, and other conditions.[L10701] Developed in 1957, it is structurally similar to other corticosteroids like [hydrocortisone] and [prednisolone].[A188724]Dexamethasone was granted FDA approval on 30 October 1958.[L10695] In a press release for the Randomized Evaluation of COVID-19 Therapy (RECOVERY) trial on 16 June 2020, dexamethasone was recommended for use in COVID-19 patients with severe respiratory symptoms. Dexamethasone reduced deaths by approximately one third in patients requiring ventilation and by one fifth in those requiring oxygen.[L14318]		
DB01235	Levodopa	approved	Levodopa is a prodrug of dopamine that is administered to patients with Parkinson's due to its ability to cross the blood-brain barrier[Label]. Levodopa can be metabolised to dopamine on either side of the blood-brain barrier and so it is generally administered with a dopa decarboxylase inhibitor like carbidopa to prevent metabolism until after it has crossed the blood-brain barrier[Label,A177781]. Once past the blood-brain barrier, levodopa is metabolized to dopamine and supplements the low endogenous levels of dopamine to treat symptoms of Parkinson's[Label]. The first developed drug product that was approved by the FDA was a levodopa and carbidopa combined product called Sinemet that was approved on May 2, 1975[A177781,L6133].	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB01236	Sevoflurane	approved,vet_approved	Sevoflurane, also called fluoromethyl, is an ether inhalation anaesthetic agent used for the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia. It is a volatile, non-flammable, non-irritant, and easy-to-administer compound with a low solubility profile and blood-to-gas partition coefficient.		
DB01237	Bromodiphenhydramine	approved	Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients.	Bromodiphenhydramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01238	Aripiprazole	approved,investigational	Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic orally indicated for treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar I, major depressive disorder, irritability associated with autism, and Tourette's[Label]. It is also indicated as an injection for agitation associated with schizophrenia or bipolar mania[Label]. Aripiprazole exerts its effects through agonism of dopaminic and 5-HT1A receptors and antagonism of alpha adrenergic and 5-HT2A receptors[Label,A4393]. Aripiprazole was given FDA approval on November 15, 2002[L6136].		
DB01239	Chlorprothixene	approved,experimental,investigational,withdrawn	Chlorprothixene is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene (tricyclic) class. Chlorprothixene exerts strong blocking effects by blocking the 5-HT2 D1, D2, D3, histamine H1, muscarinic and alpha1 adrenergic receptors.		
DB01240	Epoprostenol	approved	A prostaglandin that is a powerful vasodilator and inhibits platelet aggregation. It is biosynthesized enzymatically from prostaglandin endoperoxides in human vascular tissue. The sodium salt has been also used to treat primary pulmonary hypertension.		
DB01241	Gemfibrozil	approved	Gemfibrozil is a fibric acid agent, similar to [clofibrate], used to treat Type IIb, IV, and V hyperlipidemias.[A185777,L8525] Gemfibrozil is not a first line treatment and is prescribed to patients who have not responded adequately to weight loss, diet, exercise, and other medications.[L8525]Gemfibrozil was granted FDA approval on 21 December 1981.[L8525]		
DB01242	Clomipramine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical &beta;-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H<sub>1</sub> receptors, &alpha;<sub>1</sub>-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.	Clomipramine Metabolism Pathway	
DB01243	Chloroxine	approved	Chloroxine is a synthetic antibacterial compound. Chloroxine is a compound used in some shampoos for the treatment of dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.		
DB01244	Bepridil	approved,withdrawn	A long-acting, non selective, calcium channel blocker with significant anti-anginal activity. The drug produces significant coronary vasodilation and modest peripheral effects. It has antihypertensive and selective anti-arrhythmia activities and acts as a calmodulin antagonist. It is no longer marketed in the United States, as it has been implicated in causing ventricular arrhythmias (ie. Torsade de pointes).		
DB01245	Decamethonium	approved	Decamethonium is used in anesthesia to cause paralysis. It is a short acting depolarizing muscle relaxant. It is similar to acetylcholine and acts as a partial agonist of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.		
DB01246	Alimemazine	approved,vet_approved	A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic.	Alimemazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01247	Isocarboxazid	approved	Isocarboxazid has the formula 1-benzyl-2-(5-methyl-3-isoxazolylcarbonyl)hydrazine-isocarboxazid. It is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.[A31930] It is used in the treatment of major depression, dysthymic disorder, atypical disorder, panic disorder and the phobic disorders.[T115] It was first introduced by Roche pharmaceuticals, further developed by Validus pharms Inc and first FDA approved as a prescription drug on July 1st, 1959.		
DB01248	Docetaxel	approved,investigational	Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel reversibly binds to tubulin with high affinity in a 1:1 stoichiometric ratio	Docetaxel Action Pathway	
DB01249	Iodixanol	approved	Iodixanol is a nonionic hydrophilic compound commonly used as a contrast agent during coronary angiography, particularly in individuals with renal dysfunction, as it is believed to be less toxic to the kidneys than most other intravascular contrast agents.		
DB01250	Olsalazine	approved	Olsalazine is an anti-inflammatory drug used in the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis. Olsalazine is a derivative of salicylic acid. Inactive by itself (it is a prodrug), it is converted by the bacteria in the colon to mesalamine. Mesalamine works as an anti-inflammatory agent in treating inflammatory diseases of the intestines.		
DB01251	Gliquidone	approved,investigational	Gliquidone is a sulfonylurea drug used to treat diabetes mellitus type 2. It is an ATP-dependent K+ (KATP) channel blocker. This block causes a depolarization which leads to activation of voltage-dependent Ca channels and Ca2+ influx, and eventually increases insulin release.		
DB01252	Mitiglinide	investigational	Mitiglinide is a drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It may stimulate insulin secretion in beta-cells by closing off ATP dependant potassium ion channels.		
DB01253	Ergometrine	approved	An ergot alkaloid with uterine and vascular smooth muscle contractile properties.		
DB01254	Dasatinib	approved,investigational	Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for use in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The main targets of Dasatinib, are BCRABL, SRC, Ephrins and GFR.	Dasatinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB01255	Lisdexamfetamine	approved,investigational	Also known as _Vyvanse_, lisdexamfetamine (L-lysine-d-amphetamine) is a prodrug of the psychostimulant d-amphetamine [A40246]. It is paired with the essential amino acid _L-lysine_. Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate increases attention span and decreases restlessness in children and adults who are overactive/hyperactive, cannot concentrate for long periods, or are easily distracted or impulsive [A2230].As a central nervous system stimulant, lisdexamfetamine is utilized as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). As a prodrug, lisdexamfetamine was specifically engineered as an abuse-resistant product [F2368].  The mechanism by which this occurs is through delayed release after ingestion (unlike some other psychostimulant drugs, which may be abused). After oral administration and absorption, enzyme hydrolysis after contact with red blood cells metabolize lisdexamfetamine into L- lysine, a naturally occurring essential amino acid and active _d-amphetamine_, which is responsible for the drug’s pharmacological effects. Gastrointestinal pH does not affect this conversion, and the addition of the L-lysine slows the amount of d-amphetamine available in the circulation and central nervous system [F2368].		
DB01256	Retapamulin	approved	Retapamulin, marketed by GlaxoSmithKline as the ointment Altabax, is an antibiotic for skin infections like impetigo. It was approved by the FDA in April 2007.		
DB01257	Eculizumab	approved,investigational	Eculizumab is a monoclonal antibody that targets complement protein C5.[L6919,A2245] Binding to this protein prevents the activation of a complement terminal complex, which is used to treat a number of autoimmune conditions.[L6919,A2245,A2246]Eculizumab was granted FDA approval on 16 March 2007.[L6919]		
DB01259	Lapatinib	approved,investigational	Lapatinib is an anti-cancer drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a treatment for solid tumours such as breast and lung cancer. It was approved by the FDA on March 13, 2007, for use in patients with advanced metastatic breast cancer in conjunction with the chemotherapy drug Capecitabine. Lapatinib is human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2/ERBB2) and epidermal growth factor receptor (HER1/EGFR/ERBB1) tyrosine kinases inhibitor. It binds to the intracellular phosphorylation domain to prevent receptor autophosphorylation upon ligand binding.		
DB01260	Desonide	approved,investigational	A nonfluorinated corticosteroid anti-inflammatory agent used topically for dermatoses.		
DB01261	Sitagliptin	approved,investigational	Sitagliptin is an oral dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor used in conjunction with diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus[Label,A2260,A2255,A2256]. The effect of this medication leads to glucose dependent increases in insulin and decreases in glucagon to improve control of blood sugar[Label,A2255]. Sitagliptin was granted FDA approval on October 16, 2006[L6061].		
DB01262	Decitabine	approved,investigational	Myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) are a heterogeneous group of hematopoietic neoplasms with variable underlying etiology and presentation, including neutropenia and thrombocytopenia. Further mutations leading to increased proliferation of cancerous cells can eventually lead to secondary acute myeloid leukemia, which has a poor prognosis.[A215082, A215092] Among treatment options, nucleoside analogues such as decitabine and [azacitidine] integrate into cellular DNA and inhibit the action of DNA methyltransferases, leading to global hypomethylation and related downstream therapeutic benefits.[A2263, A2264, A2265, A215317, L14962]Decitabine was developed by MGI Pharma/SuperGen Inc. and was approved by the FDA for the treatment of MDS on February 5, 2006. It was first marketed under the name Dacogen®.[L14962] It is also available as an oral combination product together with the cytidine deaminase inhibitor [cedazuridine].		
DB01263	Posaconazole	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Posaconazole is a triazole antifungal drug that is used to treat invasive infections by Candida species and Aspergillus species in severely immunocompromised patients.		
DB01264	Darunavir	approved	Darunavir is a protease inhibitor used with other HIV protease inhibitor drugs as well as [ritonavir] for the effective management of HIV-1 infection.[L9227] As a second-generation protease inhibitor, darunavir is designed to combat resistance to standard HIV therapy.[A2278,A2281] It was initially approved by the FDA in 2006.[L9227]Darunavir is being studied as a possible treatment for SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus responsible for COVID-19, due to in vitro evidence supporting its ability to combat this infection.[A191682] Clinical trials are underway and are expected to conclude in August 2020.[L12066]		
DB01265	Telbivudine	approved,investigational	Telbivudine is a synthetic thymidine nucleoside analog with specific activity against the hepatitis B virus. Telbivudine is orally administered, with good tolerance, lack of toxicity and no dose-limiting side effects.		
DB01266	Sinecatechins	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Sinecatechins is a botanical drug product for topical use. It is a partially purified fraction of the water extract of green tea leaves from Camellia sinensis, and is a mixture of catechins and other green tea components. Catechins constitute 85 to 95% (by weight) of the total drug substance which includes more than 55% of Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCg), other catechin derivatives such as Epicatechin (EC), Epigallocatechin (EGC), Epicatechin gallate (ECg) and some additional minor catechin derivatives i.e. Gallocatechin gallate (GCg), Gallocatechin (GC), Catechin gallate (Cg), and Catechin (C). In addition to the known catechin components, it also contains gallic acid, caffeine, and theobromine which together constitute about 2.5% of the drug substance. The remaining amount of the drug substance contains undefined botanical constituents derived from green tea leaves.		
DB01267	Paliperidone	approved	Paliperidone is the primary active metabolite of risperidone. The mechanism of action is unknown but it is likely to act via a similar pathway to risperidone. It has been proposed that the drug's therapeutic activity in schizophrenia is mediated through a combination of central dopamine Type 2 (D2) and serotonin Type 2 (5HT2A) receptor antagonism. Paliperidone is also active as an antagonist at alpha 1 and alpha 2 adrenergic receptors and H1 histaminergic receptors, which may explain some of the other effects of the drug. Paliperidone was approved by the FDA for treatment of schizophrenia on December 20, 2006.		
DB01268	Sunitinib	approved,investigational	Sunitinib is a small-molecule multi-targeted receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor. On January 26, 2006, the agent was formally approved by the US FDA for the indications of treating renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and imatinib-resistant gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST). For these purposes, sunitinib is generally available as an orally administered formulation. Sunitinib inhibits cellular signaling by targeting multiple RTKs. These include all platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGF-R) and vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGF-R). Sunitinib also inhibits KIT (CD117), the RTK that drives the majority of GISTs. In addition, sunitinib inhibits other RTKs including RET, CSF-1R, and flt3.		
DB01269	Panitumumab	approved,investigational	Panitumumab (ABX-EGF) is a recombinant human IgG2 monoclonal antibody that binds specifically to the human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). This drug is an antineoplastic agent.	Panitumumab Action Pathway	
DB01270	Ranibizumab	approved	Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.		
DB01271	Idursulfase	approved	Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.		
DB01272	Alglucosidase alfa	approved	Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.		
DB01273	Varenicline	approved,investigational	Varenicline is a prescription medication used to treat smoking addiction. This medication is the first approved nicotinic receptor partial agonist. Specifically, varenicline is a partial agonist of the alpha4/beta2 subtype of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. In addition it acts on alpha3/beta4 and weakly on alpha3beta2 and alpha6-containing receptors. A full agonism was displayed on alpha7-receptors.On March 9, 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned that Varenicline, in the form of Pfizer Inc's quit-smoking drug, Chantix, has been associated with seizures and that some patients who drink while taking the drug may become aggressive or black out. Pfizer is conducting an additional safety study of the drug, results of which are  expected in late 2015. The FDA said it is keeping the black box in place at least until the results of the trial are announced.		
DB01274	Arformoterol	approved,investigational	Arformoterol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing muscles in the airways to improve breathing. Arformoterol inhalation is used to prevent bronchoconstriction in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. The use of arformoterol is pending revision due to safety concerns in regards to an increased risk of severe exacerbation of asthma symptoms, leading to hospitalization as well as death in some patients using long acting beta agonists for the treatment of asthma.		
DB01275	Hydralazine	approved	Originally developed in the 1950s as a malaria treatment, hydralazine showed antihypertensive ability and was soon repurposed.[A186841] Hydralazine is a hydrazine derivative vasodilator used alone or as adjunct therapy in the treatment of hypertension and only as adjunct therapy in the treatment of heart failure.[A186820,L8782,L8785] Hydralazine is no longer a first line therapy for these indications since the development of newer antihypertensive medications.[T691]Hydralazine hydrochloride was FDA approved on 15 January 1953.[L8779]		
DB01276	Exenatide	approved,investigational	Exenatide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) analog[Label]. It functions to activate the GLP-1 receptor and increases insulin secretion, decrease glucagon secretion, and slow gastric emptying to improve glycemic control[Label]. Exenatide was given FDA approval on April 28, 2005[L6106].		
DB01277	Mecasermin	approved,investigational	Mecasermin contains recombinant-DNA-engineered human insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1)[FDA Label]. IGF-1 consists of 70 amino acids in a single chain with three intramolecular disulfide bridges and a molecular weight of 7649 daltons. The amino acid sequence of the product is identical to that of endogenous human IGF-1. The rhIGF-1 protein is synthesized in bacteria (E. coli) that have been modified by the addition of the gene for human IGF-1.		
DB01278	Pramlintide	approved,investigational	Pramlintide is a relatively new adjunct treatment for diabetes (both type 1 and 2), developed by Amylin Pharmaceuticals. It is derived from amylin, a hormone that is released into the bloodstream, in a similar pattern as insulin, after a meal. Like insulin, amylin is deficient in individuals with diabetes.		
DB01279	Galsulfase	approved,investigational	Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.		
DB01280	Nelarabine	approved,investigational	Nelarabine is an antineoplastic agent that is typically employed to treat acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia. Nelarabine is a purine nucleoside analog converted to its corresponding arabinosylguanine nucleotide triphosphate (araGTP), resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis and cytotoxicity.		
DB01281	Abatacept	approved	Abatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. Although approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, Repligen has entered a slightly different formulation of CTLA4-Ig into clinical trials (RG2077).		
DB01282	Carbetocin	approved,investigational	Carbetocin is a drug used to control postpartum hemorrhage, bleeding after giving birth. It is an analogue of oxytocin, and its action is similar to that of oxytocin -- it causes contraction of the uterus.		
DB01283	Lumiracoxib	approved,investigational	Lumiracoxib is a COX-2 selective non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). On August 11, 2007, Australia's Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA, the Australian equivalent of the FDA) cancelled the registration of lumiracoxib in Australia due to concerns that it may cause liver failure. New Zealand and Canada have also followed suit in recalling the drug.	Lumiracoxib Action Pathway	
DB01284	Tetracosactide	approved	Tetracosactide (also known as Cosyntropin) is a synthetic peptide that is identical to the 24-amino acid segment (sequence: SYSMEHFRWGKPVGKKRRPVKVYP) at the N-terminal of adrenocorticotropic hormone. ACTH (1-24), a segment similar in all species, contains the biological activity that stimulates production of corticosteroids in the adrenal cortex. Tetracosactide exhibits the same activity as natural ACTH with regard to all its biological activities. The complex results in a product whose absorption in man is effected over a longer period of time as compared to corticotropin. Therefore, therapy may be maintained with less frequent administration.		
DB01285	Corticotropin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.		
DB01288	Fenoterol	approved,investigational	Fenoterol is an adrenergic beta-2 agonist that is used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic.		
DB01289	Glisoxepide	investigational	Glisoxepide is one of the sulphonamide-derived oral antidiabetic drugs. It inhibits the uptake of bile acids into isolated rat hepatocytes. However it inhibits taurocholate uptake only in the absence of sodium ions. Glisoxepide uptake could be further inhibited by blockers of the hepatocellular monocarboxylate transporter, by the loop diuretic bumetanide, by 4,4'-diisothiocyano-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonate (DIDS) and by sulphate.  These results are consistent with the transport of glisoxepide via the transport system for the unconjugated bile acid cholate. [A31819,A31820]		
DB01291	Pirbuterol	approved	Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic bronchodilator. In vitro studies and in vivo pharmacologic studies have demonstrated that pirbuterol has a preferential effect on beta-2 Adrenergic receptors compared with isoproterenol. While it is recognized that beta-2 adrenergic receptors are the predominant receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, data indicate that there is a population of beta-2 receptors in the human heart, existing in a concentration between 10-50%. The precise function of these receptors has not been established.The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including pirbuterol, are at least in proof attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (AlP) to cyclic-3† ,5†-adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.		
DB01294	Bismuth subsalicylate	approved,vet_approved	Bismuth subsalicylate is the active ingredient in the popular medication Pepto-Bismol that is used to treat nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, and other temporary discomforts of the stomach and gastrointestinal tract. It is also the main ingredient of Kaopectate. It displays anti-inflammatory action (due to salicylic acid) and also acts as an antacid and mild antibiotic.		
DB01295	Bevantolol	experimental	Bevantolol is a beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to be as effective as other beta blockers for the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. Mechanism of Action Animal experiments confirm both agonist and antagonist effects on alpha-receptors, in addition to antagonist activity at beta-1 receptors.	Bevantolol Action Pathway	
DB01296	Glucosamine	approved,investigational	Glucosamine is commonly used as a treatment for osteoarthritis, although its acceptance as a medical therapy varies. It is an amino sugar and precursor of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Since glucosamine is a precursor for glycosaminoglycans, and glycosaminoglycans are a major component of joint cartilage, supplemental glucosamine may help to rebuild cartilage and treat arthritis.	Amino Sugar Metabolism,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Tay-Sachs Disease	
DB01297	Practolol	approved	A beta-adrenergic antagonist that has been used in the emergency treatment of cardiac arrhythmias.	Practolol Action Pathway	
DB01298	Sulfacytine	approved	Sulfacytine is a short-acting sulfonamide. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of p-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections.Sulfacytine is a competitive inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. It inhibits bacterial synthesis of of dihydrofolic acid by preventing the condensation of the pteridine with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.		
DB01299	Sulfadoxine	approved,investigational	A long acting sulfonamide that is used, usually in combination with other drugs, for respiratory, urinary tract, and malarial infections.		
DB01301	Rolitetracycline	approved	A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline.	Rolitetracycline Action Pathway	
DB01303	Oxtriphylline	approved	Oxtriphylline is the choline salt form of [theophylline]. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Its main physiological reponse is to dilate the bronchioles. As such, oxytriphylline is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD (i.e. all the same indications as the other theophyllines). It is marketed under the name Choledyl SA, and several forms of oxytriphylline have been discontinued. In the US, oxtriphylline is no longer available.		
DB01306	Insulin aspart	approved	Insulin aspart is a rapid-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin aspart, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after trying several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product NovoRapid, insulin aspart begins to exert its effects within 15 minutes of subcutaneous administration, while peak levels occur 30 to 90 minutes after administration. Due to its duration of action of around 5 hours, NovoRapid is considered "bolus insulin" as it provides high levels of insulin in a short period of time to mimic the release of endogenous insulin from the pancreas after meals. Bolus insulin is often combined with once daily, long-acting "basal insulin" such as [DB01307], [DB09564], and [DB00047] to provide low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Insulin aspart is a recombinant, biosynthetic, fast-acting insulin analogue. Compared to human insulin, it has a single amino acid substitution at position B28 where proline is replaced with aspartic acid. This substitution decreases its propensity to form hexamers and gives it a higher rate of absorption following subcutaneous administration compared to native insulin. Insulin aspart is produced in a genetically modified strain of _Saccharomyces cerevisiae_ (baker's yeast)Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB01307	Insulin detemir	approved	Insulin detemir is a long-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin detemir, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product Levemir, insulin detemir has a duration of action of 16-24 hours allowing for once-daily dosing, typically at bedtime. Due to its duration of action, Levemir is considered "basal insulin" as it provides low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Basal insulin is often combined with short-acting "bolus insulin" such as [DB00046], [DB01309], and [DB01306] to provide higher doses of insulin required following meals. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Insulin detemir is produced using recombinant DNA technology in yeast cells. This insulin analogue has a 14-C fatty acid, myristic acid, bound to the lysine amino acid at position B29. The myristoyl side chain increases self-association and albumin binding. This along with slow systemic absorption from the injection site prolongs distribution of the hormone into tissues and results in a long duration of action. Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB01309	Insulin glulisine	approved	Insulin glulisine is a short-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin glulisine, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after trying several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product Apidra, insulin glulisine begins to exert its effects within 15 minutes of subcutaneous administration, while peak levels occur 30 to 90 minutes after administration. Due to its duration of action of around 5 hours, Apidra is considered "bolus insulin" as it provides high levels of insulin in a short period of time to mimic the release of endogenous insulin from the pancreas after meals. Bolus insulin is often combined with once daily, long-acting "basal insulin" such as [DB01307], [DB09564], and [DB00047] to provide low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Insulin glulisine is a biosynthetic, rapid-acting human insulin analogue produced in a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of _Escherichia coli_ (K12). This recombinant hormone differs from native human insulin in that the amino acid arginine at position B3 is replaced by lysine and the lysine at position B29 is replaced by glutamic acid. These structural modifications decrease hexamer formation, stabilize insulin glulisine monomers and increase the rate of absorption and onset of action compared to human insulin.Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.		
DB01319	Fosamprenavir	approved	Fosamprenavir is a prodrug of amprenavir, an inhibitor of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease.		
DB01320	Fosphenytoin	approved,investigational	Fosphenytoin is a water-soluble phenytoin prodrug used only in hospitals for the treatment of epileptic seizures. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Its main mechanism is to block frequency-dependent, use-dependent and voltage-dependent neuronal sodium channels, and therefore limit repetitive firing of action potentials.	Fosphenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Fosphenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Metabolism Pathway	
DB01321	Josamycin	investigational	A macrolide antibiotic from Streptomyces narbonensis. The drug has antimicrobial activity against a wide spectrum of pathogens.	Josamycin Action Pathway	
DB01322	Kava	approved,investigational,nutraceutical			
DB01323	St. John's Wort	approved,investigational,nutraceutical			
DB01324	Polythiazide	approved	A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p826)	Polythiazide Action Pathway	
DB01325	Quinethazone	approved	Quinethazone, marketed as Hydromox, is a thiazide diuretic indicated for hypertension. Patients may experience adverse reactions such as dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and hypokalemia.	Quinethazone Action Pathway	
DB01326	Cefamandole	approved,experimental	Cefamandole is also known as cephamandole. It is a parenterally administered broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic. It is generally formulated as a formate ester[cefamandole nafate]. It is no longer marketed in the United States.		
DB01327	Cefazolin	approved	A semisynthetic cephalosporin analog with broad-spectrum antibiotic action due to inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis. It attains high serum levels and is excreted quickly via the urine.		
DB01328	Cefonicid	approved,investigational	A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft tissue and bone infections.		
DB01329	Cefoperazone	approved,investigational	Cefoperazone is a semisynthetic broad-spectrum cephalosporin proposed to be effective against <i>Pseudomonas</i> infections. It is a third-generation antiobiotic agent and it is used in the treatment of various bacterial infections caused by susceptible organisms in the body, including respiratory tract infections, peritonitis, skin infections, endometritis, and bacterial septicemia. While its clinical use has been discontinued in the U.S., cefoperazone is available in several European countries most commonly under the product name, Sulperazon.		
DB01330	Cefotetan	approved	A semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic that is administered intravenously or intramuscularly. The drug is highly resistant to a broad spectrum of beta-lactamases and is active against a wide range of both aerobic and anaerobic gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms.		
DB01331	Cefoxitin	approved	Cefoxitin is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum cepha antibiotic for intravenous administration. It is derived from cephamycin C, which is produced by <i>Streptomyces lactamdurans</i>.		
DB01332	Ceftizoxime	approved,withdrawn	A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic which can be administered intravenously or by suppository. The drug is highly resistant to a broad spectrum of beta-lactamases and is active against a wide range of both aerobic and anaerobic gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It has few side effects and is reported to be safe and effective in aged patients and in patients with hematologic disorders.		
DB01333	Cefradine	approved	A semi-synthetic cephalosporin antibiotic.		
DB01336	Metocurine	approved	Dimethyltubocurarinium (INN) or metocurine (USAN), also known as dimethyltubocurarine, is a non-depolarizing muscle relaxant. Patients on chronic anticonvulsant drugs are relatively resistant to metocurine. [A2393]		
DB01337	Pancuronium	approved	A bis-quaternary steroid that is a competitive nicotinic antagonist. As a neuromuscular blocking agent it is more potent than curare but has less effect on the circulatory system and on histamine release.		
DB01338	Pipecuronium	approved	Pipecuronium is a piperazinyl androstane derivative which is a non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent.		
DB01339	Vecuronium	approved,investigational	Monoquaternary homolog of pancuronium. A non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent with shorter duration of action than pancuronium. Its lack of significant cardiovascular effects and lack of dependence on good kidney function for elimination as well as its short duration of action and easy reversibility provide advantages over, or alternatives to, other established neuromuscular blocking agents.		
DB01340	Cilazapril	approved	Cilazapril is an ACE inhibtor class drug used in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACE inhibitors) class of drugs.  It is a prodrug that is hydrolyzed after absorption to its main metabolite cilazaprilat. It is branded as Inhibace in Canada and other countries, Vascace and Dynorm in a number of European countries, among many other names. None of these varieties are available in the United States.	Cilazapril Action Pathway,Cilazapril Metabolism Pathway	
DB01341	Dihydroquinidine barbiturate	experimental			
DB01342	Forasartan	experimental	Forasartan, a specific angiotensin II antagonist, is used alone or with other antihypertensive agents to treat hypertension. Forasartan competes with angiotensin II for binding at the AT1 receptor subtype. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor which also stimulates the synthesis and release of aldosterone, blockage of its effects results in a decreases in systemic vascular resistance.	Forasartan Action Pathway	
DB01344	Tolevamer	approved,investigational	Sodium polystyrene sulfonate is a medication used to treat abnormally high potassium levels. It may be taken orally or by rectum, as an enema, and functions as a potassium-binding resin in the intestines. It is also an effective topical microbicide and spermicide, inhibiting the genital transfection of, among others, HIV.		
DB01345	Potassium cation	approved,investigational	Potassium is the major cation (positive ion) inside animal cells, while sodium is the major cation outside animal cells. The concentration differences of these charged particles causes a difference in electric potential between the inside and outside of cells, known as the membrane potential. The balance between potassium and sodium is maintained by ion pumps in the cell membrane. The cell membrane potential created by potassium and sodium ions allows the cell generate an action potential—a "spike" of electrical discharge. The ability of cells to produce electrical discharge is critical for body functions such as neurotransmission, muscle contraction, and heart function. Potassium is also an essential mineral needed to regulate water balance, blood pressure and levels of acidity.	Glycolysis,Methyclothiazide Action Pathway,Hydrochlorothiazide Action Pathway,Metolazone Action Pathway,Furosemide Action Pathway,Torsemide Action Pathway,Triamterene Action Pathway,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Hartnup Disorder,Lysinuric Protein Intolerance,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Esomeprazole Action Pathway,Omeprazole Action Pathway,Lansoprazole Action Pathway,Pantoprazole Action Pathway,Rabeprazole Action Pathway,Ranitidine Action Pathway,Famotidine Action Pathway,Glucose Transporter Defect (SGLT2),Pirenzepine Action Pathway,Alprenolol Action Pathway,Procainamide (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Nimodipine Action Pathway,Nisoldipine Action Pathway,Benzocaine Action Pathway	
DB01346	Quinidine barbiturate	approved	The administration of quinidine derivatives helps to observe various skin and mucosal reactions. A papulopurpuric eruption in a  patient (without thrombopenia) can be developed who is taking quinidine phenylethyl barbiturate intermittently and at reintroduction.(PMID: 9739909)		
DB01347	Saprisartan	experimental	Saprisartan is an AT1 receptor antagonist. It is based on medications of losartan's prototypical chemical structure. The mode of (functional) AT1 receptor antagonism has been characterized as insurmountable/noncompetitive for saprisartan.  It is very likely that slow dissociation kinetics from the AT1 receptor underlie insurmountable antagonism [A14009].		
DB01348	Spirapril	approved	Spirapril is an ACE inhibitor antihypertensive drug used to treat hypertension. Spirapril is converted to the active spiraprilat after administration. ACE inhibitors are used primarily in treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.	Spirapril Action Pathway,Spirapril Metabolism Pathway	
DB01349	Tasosartan	experimental	Tasosartan is a long-acting angiotensin II (AngII) receptor blocker. Its long duration of action has been attributed to its active metabolite enoltasosartan. It is used to treat patients with essential hypertension.		
DB01351	Amobarbital	approved,illicit	A barbiturate with hypnotic and sedative properties (but not antianxiety). Adverse effects are mainly a consequence of dose-related CNS depression and the risk of dependence with continued use is high. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p565)		
DB01352	Aprobarbital	experimental,illicit	Aprobarbital is a barbiturate derivative synthesized in the 1920s by Ernst Preiswerk. It was determined that the substance was capable of demonstrating sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsant effects. A primary treatment indicated for the use of aprobarbital was subsequently insomnia. Aprobarbital was never as widely used as more common barbiturate derivatives such as phenobarbital and is now rarely prescribed.		
DB01353	Butobarbital	approved,illicit	Butobarbital is a sedative and a hypnotic drug.		
DB01354	Heptabarbital	experimental	Heptabarbital is an intermediate or short term barbiturate used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.		
DB01355	Hexobarbital	experimental	A barbiturate that is effective as a hypnotic and sedative.		
DB01356	Lithium cation	experimental	Lithium was used during the 19th century to treat gout. Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3), lithium citrate, and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers. They are used in the treatment of bipolar disorder, since unlike most other mood altering drugs, they counteract both mania and depression. Lithium can also be used to augment other antidepressant drugs. It is also sometimes prescribed as a preventive treatment for migraine disease and cluster headaches. The active principle in these salts is the lithium ion Li+, which having a smaller diameter, can easily displace K+ and Na+ and even Ca+2, in spite of its greater charge, occupying their sites in several critical neuronal enzymes and neurotransmitter receptors.		
DB01357	Mestranol	approved	The 3-methyl ether of ethinyl estradiol. It must be demethylated to be biologically active. It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.		
DB01359	Penbutolol	approved,investigational	Penbutolol is a drug in the beta-blocker class used to treat hypertension. Penbutolol binds both beta-1 and beta-2 adrenergic receptors, rendering it a non-selective beta-blocker. Penbutolol can act as a partial agonist at beta adrenergic receptors, since it is a sympathomimetric drug. Penbutolol also demonstrates high binding affinity to the 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A with antagonistic effects. This binding characteristic of penbutolol is being investigated for its implications in Antidepressant Therapy. Penbutolol is contraindicated in patients with cardiogenic shock, sinus bradycardia, second and third degree atrioventricular conduction block, bronchial asthma, and those with known hypersensitivity.	Penbutolol Action Pathway	
DB01362	Iohexol	approved	Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality.		
DB01363	Ephedra sinica root	nutraceutical	Ephedra is an alkaloid chemical compound traditionally obtained from the plant _Ephedra sinica_. The sale of ephedra-containing supplements intended to increase muscle weight or promote weight loss was banned in the United States in 2004 due to the risk for adverse effects and a lack of evidence for clinical effectiveness. The drug is still sold in Canada in OTC formulations for respiratory conditions associated with bronchial asthma.		
DB01364	Ephedrine	approved	Ephedrine was first described in western literature in 1888, as a naturally occurring component of the ephedra plant, along with [pseudoephedrine].[A193698] Ephedrine is an adrenergic receptor agonist used for its vasoconstrictive, positive chronotropic, and positive inotropic effects.[L12972] Ephedrine and [phenylephrine] are still commonly used to treat hypotension but their use in other indications has decreased due to the development of more selective adrenergic agonists.[A193701,A193704,L12975]Ephedrine was granted a type 7 FDA Approval on 29 April 2016.[L12975]		
DB01365	Mephentermine	approved	A sympathomimetic agent with mainly indirect effects on adrenergic receptors. It is used to maintain blood pressure in hypotensive states, for example, following spinal anesthesia. Although the central stimulant effects of mephentermine are much less than those of amphetamine, its use may lead to amphetamine-type dependence. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1248)		
DB01366	Procaterol	approved,investigational	A long-acting beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a potent bronchodilator that may be administered orally or by aerosol inhalation. [PubChem]		
DB01367	Rasagiline	approved	Rasagiline is an irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase and is used as a monotherapy in early Parkinson's disease or as an adjunct therapy in more advanced cases.		
DB01369	Quinupristin	approved	Quinupristin/dalfopristin is a combination of two antibiotics used to treat infections by staphylococci and by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium. Dalfopristin inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome and quinupristin inhibits the late phase of protein synthesis. The combination of the two components acts synergistically and is more effective in vitro than each component alone.		
DB01370	Aluminium	approved,investigational	A metallic element that has the atomic number 13, atomic symbol Al, and atomic weight 26.98.		
DB01373	Calcium	nutraceutical	Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. The skeleton acts as a major mineral storage site for the element and releases Ca2+ ions into the bloodstream under controlled conditions. Circulating calcium is either in the free, ionized form or bound to blood proteins such as serum albumin. Although calcium flow to and from the bone is neutral, about 5 mmol is turned over a day. Bone serves as an important storage point for calcium, as it contains 99% of the total body calcium. Low calcium intake may also be a risk factor in the development of osteoporosis. The best-absorbed form of calcium from a pill is a calcium salt like carbonate or phosphate. Calcium gluconate and calcium lactate are absorbed well by pregnant women. Seniors absorb calcium lactate, gluconate and citrate better unless they take their calcium supplement with a full breakfast.	Alpha Linolenic Acid and Linoleic Acid Metabolism,Sphingolipid Metabolism,Folate Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Riboflavin Metabolism,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway,Meloxicam Action Pathway,Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway,Oxaprozin Action Pathway,Naproxen Action Pathway,Malate-Aspartate Shuttle,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Phenylketonuria,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Phenprocoumon Action Pathway,Heparin Action Pathway,Ardeparin Action Pathway,Bivalirudin Action Pathway,Streptokinase Action Pathway,Reteplase Action Pathway,Tranexamic Acid Action Pathway,Aprotinin Action Pathway,Alprenolol Action Pathway,Procainamide (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Gaucher Disease,Fc Epsilon Receptor I Signaling in Mast Cells	
DB01375	Aluminium monostearate	experimental	Aluminium monostearate is a salt of stearic acid and aluminium with the molecular formula Al(OH)2C18H35O2. Also known as dihydroxyaluminium or dihydroxy(stearato)aluminium, it is used to form gels in the packaging of pharmaceuticals and in the preparation of colors for cosmetics. While considered safe for use, extensive usage may result in aluminum accumulation.		
DB01377	Magnesium oxide	approved	Magnesium oxide is an inorganic compound that occurs in nature as the mineral periclase. In aqueous media combines quickly with water to form magnesium hydroxide. It is used as an antacid and mild laxative and has many nonmedicinal uses.		
DB01378	Magnesium cation	approved,nutraceutical	Magnesium hydroxide is used primarily in "Milk of Magnesia", a white aqueous, mildly alkaline suspension of magnesium hydroxide formulated at about 8%w/v. Milk of magnesia is primarily used to alleviate constipation, but can also be used to relieve indigestion and heartburn. When taken internally by mouth as a laxative, the osmotic force of the magnesia suspension acts to draw fluids from the body and to retain those already within the lumen of the intestine, serving to distend the bowel, thus stimulating nerves within the colon wall, inducing peristalsis and resulting in evacuation of colonic contents.	Nucleotide Sugars Metabolism,Oxidation of Branched-Chain Fatty Acids,Sphingolipid Metabolism,Glycolysis,Amino Sugar Metabolism,Folate Metabolism,Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Riboflavin Metabolism,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Lovastatin Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway,Meloxicam Action Pathway,Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Oxaprozin Action Pathway,Naproxen Action Pathway,Phenylacetate Metabolism,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Ethylmalonic Encephalopathy,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Phenylketonuria,Hypercholesterolemia,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Short-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (SCAD Deficiency),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB01380	Cortisone acetate	approved,investigational	Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein transcortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid-binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.Cortisone acetate was granted FDA approval on 13 June 1950.[L15107]		
DB01381	Ginkgo biloba	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	The extract of the Ginkgo leaves contains flavonoid glycosides and terpenoids (ginkgolides, bilobalides) and has been used pharmaceutically for hundreds of years. It has many alleged nootropic properties, and is mainly used as memory and concentration enhancer, and anti-vertigo agent. Ginkgo extract seems to have three effects on the human body: it improves blood flow (including microcirculation in small capillaries) to most tissues and organs; it protects against oxidative cell damage from free radicals; and it blocks many of the effects of PAF (platelet aggregation, blood clotting) that have been related to the development of a number of cardiovascular, renal, respiratory and CNS (Central Nervous System) disorders.		
DB01382	Glymidine	approved,investigational	Glycodiazine is used with diet to lower blood glucose by increasing the secretion of insulin from pancreas and increasing the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. The mechanism of action of glycodiazine in lowering blood glucose appears to be dependent on stimulating the release of insulin from functioning pancreatic beta cells, and increasing sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. Glycodiazine likely binds to ATP-sensitive potassium channel receptors on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Membrane depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels. This increase in intracellular calcium ion concentration induces the secretion of insulin. It is used for the concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.		
DB01384	Paramethasone	experimental	A glucocorticoid with the general properties of corticosteroids. It has been used by mouth in the treatment of all conditions in which corticosteroid therapy is indicated except adrenal-deficiency states for which its lack of sodium-retaining properties makes it less suitable than hydrocortisone with supplementary fludrocortisone. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p737)		
DB01388	Mibefradil	investigational,withdrawn	Mibefradil was withdrawn from the market in 1998 because of potentially harmful interactions with other drugs.		
DB01390	Sodium bicarbonate	approved	Sodium bicarbonate is a white, crystalline powder that is commonly used as a pH buffering agent, an electrolyte replenisher, systemic alkalizer and in topical cleansing solutions.		
DB01392	Yohimbine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A plant alkaloid with alpha-2-adrenergic blocking activity. Yohimbine has been used as a mydriatic and in the treatment of impotence. It is also alleged to be an aphrodisiac.		
DB01393	Bezafibrate	approved,investigational	Antilipemic agent that lowers cholesterol and triglycerides. It decreases low density lipoproteins and increases high density lipoproteins.		
DB01394	Colchicine	approved	First approved by the FDA in 1961, colchicine is an alkaloid drug commonly used in the management of gout, a condition associated with the painful deposition of urate crystals in the joints.[A183614,L8138] It is derived from a plant belonging to the Lily family, known as Colchicum autumnale, or "autumn crocus".[A183611] Other than its use in gout, colchicine has been approved for managing exacerbations of Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF), a hereditary autoinflammatory condition.[A186320,L8141]		
DB01395	Drospirenone	approved	Drospirenone is a synthetic progestin commonly found in the popular oral contraceptive, Yaz in combination with [Ethinyl estradiol].[L7973] Aside from its contraceptive effects, drospirenone is used with estrogens to control acne and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Drospirenone has been the subject of widespread safety concern due to the possibility of an increased risk of venous thromboembolism associated with its use.[A182543,A182552] In 2012, however, a safety statement by the FDA concluded that the increase in the risk of thromboembolism resulting from the use of drospirenone remains unclear, as studies regarding this risk are conflicting. Some studies have demonstrated a significantly increased risk and some demonstrating no risk of thromboembolic events.  In its statement, the FDA has mentioned that increased risk of venous thromboembolism with oral contraceptives such as drospirenone exists but remains lower than the risk of this condition during pregnancy and during the postpartum period, and this should be considered when assessing potential risks of hormonal contraceptive use.[L7979]		
DB01396	Digitoxin	approved,investigational	A cardiac glycoside sometimes used in place of digoxin. It has a longer half-life than digoxin; toxic effects, which are similar to those of digoxin, are longer lasting. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p665)		
DB01397	Magnesium salicylate	experimental	Magnesium salicylate is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate pain. It is available in several over-the-counter (OTC) formulations. Though the recommended doseage is 1160 mg every six hours, per package directions of the Doan's OTC brand (580 mg magnesium salicylate tetrahydrate, equivalent to 934.4 mg anhydrous magnesium salicylate), effective pain relief is often found with a half dosage, with reduced anti-inflammatory results.	Magnesium Salicylate Action Pathway	
DB01399	Salsalate	approved	Salsalate is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent for oral administration. Salsalate's mode of action as an anti-inflammatory and antirheumatic agent may be due to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins. The usefulness of salicylic acid, the active in vivo product of salsalate, in the treatment of arthritic disorders has been established. In contrast to aspirin, salsalate causes no greater fecal gastrointestinal blood loss than placebo. Salsalate is readily soluble in the small intestine where it is partially hydrolyzed to two molecules of salicylic acid. A significant portion of the parent compound is absorbed unchanged and undergoes rapid esterase hydrolysis in the body. The parent compound has an elimination half-life of about 1 hour. Salicylic acid (the active metabolite) biotransformation is saturated at anti-inflammatory doses of salsalate. Such capacity limited biotransformation results in an increase in the half-life of salicylic acid from 3.5 to 16 or more hours.	Salsalate Action Pathway	
DB01400	Neostigmine	approved,vet_approved	A cholinesterase inhibitor used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the effects of muscle relaxants such as gallamine and tubocurarine. Neostigmine, unlike physostigmine, does not cross the blood-brain barrier.		
DB01401	Choline magnesium trisalicylate	approved	Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [A19653, A19654].	Trisalicylate-Choline Action Pathway	
DB01403	Methotrimeprazine	approved,investigational	A phenothiazine with pharmacological activity similar to that of both chlorpromazine and promethazine. It has the histamine-antagonist properties of the antihistamines together with central nervous system effects resembling those of chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p604)		
DB01404	Ginseng	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Ginseng is promoted as an adaptogen (a product that increases the body's resistance to stress), one which can to a certain extent be supported with reference to its anticarcinogenic and antioxidant properties. Ginseng is also known to contain phytoestrogens.		
DB01405	Temafloxacin	withdrawn	Temafloxacin is an antibiotic agent belonging to the fluoroquinolone drug class. It was first approved for use in the U.S. market in 1992, but was withdrawn shortly due to the reports of serious adverse reactions, such as allergic reactions and hemolyric anemia, resulting in three deaths.		
DB01406	Danazol	approved	A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders.		
DB01407	Clenbuterol	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A substituted phenylaminoethanol that has beta-2 adrenomimetic properties at very low doses. It is used as a bronchodilator in asthma.		
DB01408	Bambuterol	investigational	Bambuterol is a long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma. It is a prodrug of terbutaline.		
DB01409	Tiotropium	approved	Tiotropium is a long-acting, antimuscarinic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma.[A180163,L7084,L7087,L7090,L7093] Tiotropium acts mainly on M3 muscarinic receptors located in the airways to produce smooth muscle relaxation and bronchodilation.[A180163,L7084,L7087,L7090,L7093]Tiotropium is more specific for the subset of muscarinic receptors commonly found in the lungs than [ipratropium].[A180163]Tiotropium was granted FDA approval on 30 January 2004.[L7084]		
DB01410	Ciclesonide	approved,investigational	Ciclesonide is a glucocorticoid used to treat obstructive airway diseases. It is marketed under the brand name Alvesco.		
DB01411	Pranlukast	investigational	Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist. It antagonizes or reduces bronchospasm caused, principally in asthmatics, by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens.		
DB01412	Theobromine	investigational	Theobromine (3,7-dimethylxanthine) is the principle alkaloid in Theobroma cacao (the cacao bean) and other plants. A xanthine alkaloid that is used as a bronchodilator and as a vasodilator. It has a weaker diuretic activity than theophylline and is also a less powerful stimulant of smooth muscle. It has practically no stimulant effect on the central nervous system. It was formerly used as a diuretic and in the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, pp1318-9)	Caffeine Metabolism	
DB01413	Cefepime	approved,investigational	Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both than third-generation antibiotics. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.		
DB01414	Cefacetrile	experimental,vet_approved	A derivative of 7-aminocephalosporanic acid.		
DB01415	Ceftibuten	approved,investigational	Ceftibuten is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic that is orally-administered. It is typically used to treat acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis (ABECB), acute bacterial otitis media, pharyngitis, and tonsilitis.		
DB01416	Cefpodoxime	approved,vet_approved	Cefpodoxime is an oral third generation cephalosporin antibiotic with effectiveness against most Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. Commonly used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, and sinusitis, cefpodoxime proxetil is a prodrug which is absorbed and de-esterified by the intestinal mucosa to Cefpodoxime.		
DB01418	Acenocoumarol	approved,investigational	Acenocoumarol is a coumarin derivative used as an anticoagulant. Coumarin derivatives inhibit the reduction of vitamin K by vitamin K reductase. This prevents carboxylation of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors, II, VII, IX and X, and interferes with coagulation.[A188739] Hematocrit, hemoglobin, international normalized ratio and liver panel should be monitored. Patients on acenocoumarol are prohibited from giving blood.	Acenocoumarol Action Pathway	
DB01419	Antrafenine	approved	Antrafenine is a piperazine derivative drug that acts as an analgesic and anti-inflammatory drug with similar efficacy to naproxen. It is not widely used as it has largely been replaced by newer drugs.	Antrafenine Action Pathway	
DB01420	Testosterone propionate	approved,investigational,vet_approved,withdrawn	Testosterone propionate is a slower releasing anabolic steroid with a short half-life. This characteristic allows the user to run short testosterone propionate cycles of 8-10 weeks as optimal peak blood plasma levels are achieved at 2-4 weeks.[L1159] It is a synthetic androstane steroid derivative of testosterone in the form of 17β propionate ester of testosterone.[T83] Testosterone propionate was developed initially by Watson labs, and FDA approved on February 5, 1974. Currently, this drug has been discontinued in humans, but the vet application is still available as an OTC.[L1160]		
DB01421	Paromomycin	approved,investigational	An oligosaccharide antibiotic produced by various streptomyces. [PubChem]	Paromomycin Action Pathway	
DB01422	Nitroxoline	experimental	Nitroxoline is a urinary antibacterial agent active against susceptible gram-positive and gram-negative organisms commonly found in urinary tract infections. It is a hydroxyquinoline derivative unrelated to other classes of drugs.[A179251] Nitroxoline is active against bacterial gyrases.		
DB01423	Stepronin	experimental	Strepronin is a mucolytic drug. A mucolytic agent is any agent which dissolves thick mucus usually used to help relieve respiratory difficulties. The viscosity of mucous secretions in the lungs is dependent upon the concentrations of mucoprotein as well as the presence of disulfide bonds between these macromolecules and DNA.		
DB01424	Aminophenazone	approved,withdrawn	Aminophenazone is a pyrazolone with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties that carries a risk of agranulocytosis. In biomedical applications, radiolabelled (13C-labeled) aminophenazone has been used in breath tests to measure the cytochrome P-450 metabolic activity in liver function tests.		
DB01425	Alizapride	investigational	Alizapride is a dopamine antagonist that is capable of demonstrating both prokinetic and antiemetic effects. This kind of pharmacological activity makes it effective for use in the treatment of various kinds of nausea and vomiting, including that which may occur postoperatively.		
DB01426	Ajmaline	approved,experimental	An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. Ajmaline produces potent sodium channel blocking effects and a very short half-life which makes it a very useful drug for acute intravenous treatments. The drug has been very popular in some countries for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with the Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome and in well tolerated monomorphic ventricular tachycardias. It has also been used for many years as a drug to challenge the conduction system of the heart in cases of bundle branch block and syncope. In these cases, abnormal prolongation of the HV interval has been taken as a proof for infrahisian conduction defects tributary for permanent pacemaker implantation.		
DB01427	Amrinone	approved	Amrinone (or inamrinone) is a type 3 pyridine phosphodiesterase inhibitor. It is used in the treatment of congestive heart failure.		
DB01428	Oxybenzone	approved,investigational	Oxybenzone is an organic compound used in sunscreens. It is a derivative of benzophenone. It forms colorless crystals that are readily soluble in most organic solvents. It is used as an ingredient in sunscreen and other cosmetics because it absorbs UV-A ultraviolet rays.		
DB01429	Aprindine	experimental	Aprindine is a cardiac depressant used in arrhythmias.		
DB01430	Almitrine	approved	Almitrine is a respiratory stimulant that enhances respiration by acting as an agonist of peripheral chemoreceptors located on the carotid bodies. It is used in the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is also reported to have a potentially beneficial effect in treating the noctural oxygen desaturation without impairing the quality of sleep.		
DB01431	Allylestrenol	experimental	A synthetic steroid with progestational activity. It is widely marketed throughout Europe, including Russia and many other European countries, and is also available in Japan, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and much of Southeast Asia, though notably not in the United States or Canada.		
DB01432	Cholestyramine	approved,investigational	Cholestyramine or colestyramine is a bile acid sequestrant. Bile acid sequestrants are polymeric compounds which serve as ion exchange resins. Cholestyramine resin is quite hydrophilic, but insoluble in water.		
DB01433	Methadyl acetate	experimental,illicit	A narcotic analgesic with a long onset and duration of action. It is used mainly in the treatment of narcotic dependence.	Methadyl Acetate Action Pathway	
DB01434	19-norandrostenedione	experimental,illicit	19-Norandrostenedione refers to two steroid isomers that were once marketed as dietary supplements and mainly used by body builders. After 2005, 19-Norandrostenedione was regulated in the United States as a schedule III controlled substance, as well as banned from use in competitive sports by the World Anti-Doping Agency.  In the body 19-norandrostenedione is rapidly metabolized into [nandrolone], also known as nortestosterone.		
DB01435	Antipyrine	approved,investigational	An analgesic and antipyretic that has been given by mouth and as ear drops. Antipyrine is often used in testing the effects of other drugs or diseases on drug-metabolizing enzymes in the liver. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p29)	Antipyrine Action Pathway	
DB01436	Alfacalcidol	approved,nutraceutical	Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. [A175348,A175351]		
DB01437	Glutethimide	approved,illicit	Glutethimide is a hypnotic and sedative. Its use has been largely superseded by other drugs.		
DB01438	Phenazopyridine	approved	Phenazopyridine, also known as Pyridium, is a urinary tract analgesic used for the short-term management of urinary tract irritation and its associated unpleasant symptoms such as burning and pain during urination. In the USA, this drug was previously marked by Roche but has been discontinued by the FDA.[L7832] It is still used in various parts of the world. Ingestion of phenazopyridine is found to change the appearance of the urine by imparting an orange or red color, as it is considered an azo dye.[L7829]		
DB01439	3-Methylthiofentanyl	experimental,illicit	3-Methyl-thiofentanyl is a [fentanyl] analog and an opioid analgesic that works by inducing central nervous system (CNS) depression.	3-Methylthiofentanyl Action Pathway	
DB01440	gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid	approved,illicit,investigational	Gamma hydroxybutyric acid, commonly abbreviated GHB, is a therapeutic drug which is illegal in multiple countries. It is currently regulated in the US and sold by Jazz Pharmaceuticals under the name Xyrem. However, it is important to note that GHB is a designated Orphan drug (in 1985). Today Xyrem is a Schedule III drug; however GHB remains a Schedule I drug and the illicit use of Xyrem falls under penalties of Schedule I. GHB is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits and almost all other living creatures in small amounts. It is used illegally under the street names Juice, Liquid Ecstasy or simply G, either as an intoxicant, or as a date rape drug. Xyrem is a central nervous system depressant that reduces excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.		
DB01441	5-Methoxy-N,N-diisopropyltryptamine	experimental,illicit	5-methoxy-N,N-diisopropyltryptamine (5-MeO-DIPT) is a tryptamine derivative and shares many similarities with schedule I tryptamine hallucinogens such as alpha-ethyltryptamine, N,N-dimethyltryptamine, N,N-diethyltryptamine, bufotenine, psilocybin and psilocin. Since 1999, there has been a growing popularity of 5-MeO-DIPT among drug abusers. This substance is abused for its hallucinogenic effects.		
DB01442	MMDA	experimental,illicit	MMDA, or 3-methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine, is a member of the amphetamine drug class with stimulant and psychedelic properties. It also acts as an entheogen and an entactogen. MMDA bears resemblance to the psychopharmacologically active essential oils elemicin and myristicin found in nutmeg. The effects of MMDA includes feelings of euphoria and warmth, as well as realistic closed-eye visuals.		
DB01443	19-Nor-5-androstenedione	experimental,illicit	19-Nor-5-andorstenedione is a prohormone which has the potential to affect bodily levels of testosterone once metabolized in vivo. It is regulated in the United States as a schedule III controlled substance, and prohibited by the World Anti-Doping Agency for use in competitive sports.		
DB01444	Dimethylthiambutene	experimental,illicit	Dimethylthiambutene (N,N-Dimethyl-1-methyl-3,3-di-2-thienylallylamine, Dimethibutin, Ohton) is an opioid analgesic drug. It is now under international control under Schedule I of the UN Single Convention On Narcotic Drugs 1961, presumably due to high abuse potential, although little more information is available.	Dimethylthiambutene Action Pathway	
DB01445	Bufotenine	experimental,illicit	A hallucinogenic serotonin analog found in frog or toad skins, mushrooms, higher plants, and mammals, especially in the brains, plasma, and urine of schizophrenics. Bufotenin has been used as a tool in CNS studies and misused as a psychedelic.		
DB01446	Indopan	experimental,illicit	Indopan (alpha-methyltryptamine) is a stimulant and psychoactive drug which produces effects similar to 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA), despite being structurally dissimilar. It was developed in the 1960's by Upjohn with the intention for use as an antidepressant. In the 1990's, indopan became regulated as a Schedule I controlled substance in the United states.		
DB01447	4-Methylaminorex	experimental,illicit			
DB01448	19-Nor-4-androstenedione	experimental,illicit			
DB01450	Dihydroetorphine	experimental,illicit			
DB01451	1-Androstenedione	experimental,illicit			
DB01452	Diamorphine	approved,illicit,investigational	Diamorphine (heroin) is a narcotic analgesic that may be habit-forming. It is a controlled substance (opium derivative) listed in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21 Parts 329.1, 1308.11 (1987). Sale is forbidden in the United States by Federal statute. (Merck Index, 11th ed) Internationally, diamorphine is controlled under Schedules I and IV of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. As heroin, it is illegal to manufacture, possess, or sell in the United States and the UK. However, under the name diamorphine, heroin is a legal prescription drug in the United Kingdom.	Heroin Action Pathway,Heroin Metabolism Pathway	
DB01453	Beta-hydroxyfentanyl	experimental,illicit			
DB01454	Midomafetamine	experimental,illicit,investigational	An N-substituted amphetamine analog. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems. It is commonly referred to as MDMA or ecstasy. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems.		
DB01455	19-Nor-5-androstenediol	experimental,illicit			
DB01456	5-androstenedione	experimental,illicit	5-androstenedione is a prohormone of testosterone. In the United States, the Controlled Substance Act is inclusive to anabolic steroids and their precursors. Thus 5-androstenedione is a controlled substance, and its use in athletes is prohibited by The World Anti-Doping Agency. Apart from the positioning of a carbon-carbon double bond, its structure is similar to [4-androstenedione], which is a prohormone which is naturally produced in the body by the adrenal glands and gonads, and acts as precursor to testosterone, as well as estrone and estradiol.		
DB01458	2,5-Dimethoxy-4-(n)-propylthiophenethylamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01459	Bezitramide	experimental,illicit,withdrawn	Bezitramide is a narcotic analgesic which was discovered in 1961, clinically tested around the 1970's [A14383], and marketed under the name Burgodin. After cases of fatal overdose in the Netherlands in 2004 the drug was withdrawn from the market. Bezitramide has never been FDA approved and is currently a schedule II drug.		
DB01460	Diethyltryptamine	experimental,illicit	Diethyltryptamine (DET) is an orally active hallucinogenic agent and a substituted form of tryptamine.		
DB01461	Dimenoxadol	experimental,illicit	Dimenoxadol is an opioid analgesic which produces typical opioid effects such as analgesia and sedation. It is structurally similar to methadone and is a benzilic acid derivative. In the United States it is classified as a Schedule I controlled drug.		
DB01462	Etonitazene	experimental,illicit			
DB01463	Fencamfamin	experimental,illicit,withdrawn	Fencamfamin (Glucoenergan, Reactivan) is a stimulant which was developed in the 1960s as an appetite suppressant, but was later withdrawn for this application due to problems with dependence and abuse. It is around half the potency of [dexamphetamine], and is prescribed at a dose of 10-60mg, although abusers of the drug tend to rapidly develop tolerance and escalate their dose. Fencamfamin is used for treating depressive day-time fatigue, lack of concentration and lethargy. It is especially useful in patients with chronic conditions due to its favourable safety profile.		
DB01464	Furethidine	experimental,illicit			
DB01465	2,5-Dimethoxyamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01466	Ethylmorphine	experimental,illicit	A narcotic analgesic and antitussive. It is metabolized in the liver by ethylmorphine-N-demethylase and used as an indicator of liver function. It is not marketed in the US but is approved for use in various countries around the world. In the US it is a schedule II drug (single-entity) and schedule III drug (in combination products).	Ethylmorphine Action Pathway	
DB01467	2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethylamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01468	Ethylmethylthiambutene	experimental,illicit			
DB01469	Acetorphine	experimental,illicit			
DB01470	alpha-methylthiofentanyl	illicit	alpha-methylthiofentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analog of fentanyl.		
DB01471	Bolasterone	experimental,illicit			
DB01472	4-Methoxyamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01473	Betaprodine	experimental,illicit	An opioid analgesic chemically related to and with an action resembling that of meperidine, but more rapid in onset and of shorter duration. It has been used in obstetrics, as pre-operative medication, for minor surgical procedures, and for dental procedures. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1067)		
DB01474	17alpha-methyl-3beta,17beta-dihydroxyandrost-4-ene	experimental,illicit			
DB01475	Dioxaphetyl butyrate	experimental,illicit			
DB01476	Haloxazolam	experimental,illicit			
DB01477	Codeine methylbromide	experimental,illicit			
DB01478	Desmethylprodine	experimental,illicit	Desmethylprodine, a derivative of meperidine, is an opioid analgesic with the potency of morphine. It has been listed as a Schedule I controlled drug in the United States, and thus is not used clinically. It is known to be a designer drug, synthesized in 1977, for the purpose of recreational use. Illicit manufacturing has occurred.		
DB01479	BA-2664	experimental,illicit			
DB01480	Cyprenorphine	experimental,illicit			
DB01481	1-Testosterone	experimental,illicit,investigational	1-Testosterone is an anabolic steroid that differs from testosterone by having a 1,2-double bond instead of 4,5-double bond in its A ring.		
DB01482	Fenethylline	experimental			
DB01483	Barbital	illicit	A long-acting barbiturate that depresses most metabolic processes at high doses. It is used as a hypnotic and sedative and may induce dependence. Barbital is also used in veterinary practice for central nervous system depression. Barbital is a schedule IV controlled drug.		
DB01484	4-Bromo-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01485	4-Hydroxytestosterone	experimental,illicit	4-Hydroxytestosterone is testosterone substituted with a hydroxy group on the fourth carbon atom. It is an anabolic steroid with no therapeutic indications, which is prohibited from use in sports by the World Anti-Doping Agency.Formestane (Lentaron) acts as a prohormone of 4-Hydroxytestosterone, as 4-Hydroxytestosterone is one of the many byproducts of formestane metabolism. It is specifically the 17-hydroxylated analog to formestane. [A14385] Like formestane, 4-hydroxytesterone has been patented for use in decreasing estrogen production in the body, but no such indication currently exists. 4-Hydroxytestosterone was first patented in 1955 by G.D Searle & Company.		
DB01486	Cathine	experimental,illicit	Cathine, also known as d-norpseudoephedrine and (+)-norpseudoephedrine, is a psychoactive drug with stimulant properties. It belongs to the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. In the United States, it is classified as a Schedule IV controlled substance.		
DB01487	Embutramide	experimental,illicit			
DB01488	Dimethyltryptamine	experimental,illicit	An N-methylated indoleamine derivative, a serotonergic hallucinogen found in several plants, especially Prestonia amazonica (Apocynaceae) and in mammalian brain, blood, and urine. It apparently acts as an agonist at some types of serotonin receptors and an antagonist at others.		
DB01489	Camazepam	experimental,illicit	Camazepam is a benzodiazepine which is a dimethyl carbamate ester of tamzepam, a metabolite of diazepam. Similarly to other drugs in its class, it has antxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. However, unlike other benzodiapeines camazepam is predominantly anxiolytic and is relatively weak as an anticonvulsant, hypnotic and skeletal muscle relaxant.Camazepam also has less side effects, such as impaired cognition and reaction times, compared to other benzodiazepines. However, impairment of cognition and disrupted sleep patterns will occur at doses higher than 40mg of carazepam. Camazepam is also believed to increase attention, and is associated with skin disorders.  In the United States camazepam is regulated as a Schedule IV controlled substance.		
DB01490	Aminorex	experimental,illicit	Aminorex is an amphetamine-like anorectic agent. It may cause pulmonary hypertension.		
DB01491	Dipipanone	experimental,illicit			
DB01493	Ethylestrenol	withdrawn	An anabolic steroid with some progestational activity and little androgenic effect. [PubChem]		
DB01494	Chloral betaine	illicit,withdrawn			
DB01495	Dichloralphenazone	approved,illicit	Dichloralphenazone is a sedative composed of chloral hydrate and phenazone. It is typically found in combination products Nodolor and Midrin containing [isometheptene] and [acetaminophen] used for the relief of tension and vascular headaches. It is a US Schedule IV drug and its clinical use is limited.		
DB01496	Dihydro-2-thioxo-5-((5-(2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-2-furanyl)methyl)-4,6(1H,5H)-pyrimidinedione	experimental,illicit			
DB01497	Etorphine	illicit,vet_approved	A narcotic analgesic morphinan used as a sedative in veterinary practice. In certain countries, etorphine is classified as a Schedule 1 drug and hence, in these countries, it can be used legally only by health professionals and for research purposes. Etorphine is only available to the patients under an official prescription. In the US, Etorphine is listed as a Schedule I drug, although Etorphine hydrochloride is classified as Schedule II.		
DB01498	Alphamethadol	experimental,illicit			
DB01499	Alphameprodine	experimental,illicit	Alphameprodine is an opioid analgesic classified by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration under Schedule I of illegal substances. The stereoisomer betameprodine is similarly classified, however alphameprodine is more widely used (both are referred to as Meprodine). Alphameprodine is a structural analogue of meperidine. It exerts physiological effects characteristic of opioids, such as analgesia, euphoria and sedation, as well as itching, nausea, and respiratory depression.		
DB01500	Oxabolone	experimental,illicit			
DB01501	Difenoxin	approved,illicit	Difenoxin is a 4-phenylpiperidine which is closely related to the opioid analgesic meperidine. Difenoxin alone is a USA Schedule I controlled drug, as it may be habit forming. However, it is listed as a Schedule IV controlled drug if combined with atropine, which is added to decrease deliberate misuse. Motofen(R) is a brand mixture which combines atropine sulfate and difenoxin hydrochloride. It is approved by the FDA to treat acute and chronic diarrhea.  Difenoxin is an active metabolite of the anti-diarrheal drug, diphenoxylate, which is also used in combination with atropine in the brand mixture Lomotil(R). It works mostly in the periphery and activates opioid receptors in the intestine rather than the central nervous system (CNS). [3] Difenoxin is also closely related to loperamide, but unlike loperamide it is still capable of crossing the blood brain barrier to produce weak sedative and analgesic effects. However, the antidiarrheal potency of difenoxin is much greater than its CNS effects, which makes it an attractive alternative to other opioids.		
DB01502	Diampromide	experimental,illicit			
DB01503	1-Androstenediol	experimental,illicit			
DB01505	Etoxeridine	experimental,illicit			
DB01506	1-Phenylcyclohexylamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01509	Tenamfetamine	experimental,illicit	An amphetamine derivative that inhibits uptake of catecholamine neurotransmitters. It is a hallucinogen. It is less toxic than its methylated derivative but in sufficient doses may still destroy serotonergic neurons and has been used for that purpose experimentally. [PubChem]		
DB01510	Dehydrochloromethyltestosterone	experimental,illicit			
DB01511	Delorazepam	experimental,illicit	Delorazepam is a benzodiazepine which, like other drugs in its class, possesses anxiolytic, skeletal muscle relaxant, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. It may have adverse effects such as drowsiness, and cognitive impairments such as short term memory impairment.    Delorazepam is an active metabolite of the benzodiazepine known as cloxazolam. It is a long acting benzodiazepine which makes it superior in this sense to lorazepam which is short acting. Lorazepam is also a major active metabolite of delorazepam. In addition to be long acting, delorazepam is relatively potent, with 1 mg of delorazepam being the equivalent of 10 mg diazepam. It has been approved for marketing in Italy.		
DB01512	Hydromorphinol	experimental,illicit			
DB01513	17Alpha-methyl-3beta,17beta-dihydroxy-5alpha-androstane	experimental,illicit			
DB01514	Furazabol	illicit			
DB01515	Benzoylecgonine	experimental,illicit	Benzoylecgonine is the major metabolite of cocaine. It is formed by hydrolysis of cocaine in the liver, catalysed by carboxylesterases. It is excreted in the urine of cocaine users after processing in the liver. It is the main pharmaceutical ingredient in the investigational drug Esterom, a topical solution used for the relief of muscle pain that is not FDA approved or on the market in the United States. [A18735]		
DB01516	3,4,5-Trimethoxyamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01518	Benzethidine	experimental,illicit			
DB01520	Tenocyclidine	experimental,illicit,investigational	Tenocyclidine (TCP, thienyl cyclohexylpiperidine) is a dissociative anesthetic drug with stimulant and hallucinogenic effects. It is more potent than phencyclidine and hence, this drug was classified under the schedule 1 in 1970.		
DB01521	Clostebol	experimental,illicit			
DB01522	Betacetylmethadol	experimental,illicit	A narcotic analgesic with a long onset and duration of action. It is used mainly in the treatment of narcotic dependence. [PubChem]		
DB01523	Clonitazene	experimental,illicit			
DB01524	Androstenediol	experimental,illicit	Androstenediol is an intermediate in [testosterone] biosynthesis, found in the testis or the adrenal glands. Androstenediol, derived from dehydroepiandrosterone by the reduction of the 17-keto group (17-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases), is converted to testosterone by the oxidation of the 3-beta hydroxyl group to a 3-keto group (3-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases).		
DB01525	Ecgonine	experimental,illicit			
DB01526	4-Androstenediol	experimental,illicit			
DB01527	Clortermine	experimental			
DB01528	4-Methyl-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine	experimental,illicit	A psychedelic phenyl isopropylamine derivative, commonly called DOM, whose mood-altering effects and mechanism of action may be similar to those of LSD.		
DB01529	Dextromoramide	experimental,illicit	An opioid analgesic structurally related to methadone and used in the treatment of severe pain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1070)		
DB01530	5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol	experimental,illicit			
DB01531	Desomorphine	experimental,illicit			
DB01532	α-Methylacetylfentanyl	illicit	α-Methylacetylfentanyl is an analog of fentanyl with opioid analgesic properties. It was categorized under the Schedule I in the US and it was illegally sold in early 1980. α-Methylacetylfentanyl synthesis process is very similar to α-methylfentanyl with the substitution of the acetic anhydride for the production of chemical propionic anhydride in the synthesis.		
DB01533	Diethylthiambutene	experimental,illicit			
DB01534	Chlorhexadol	experimental,illicit	Chlorhexadol is a sedative and hypnotic which is regulated in the United States as a Schedule III controlled substance. It is a derivative of chloral hydrate.		
DB01535	Carfentanil	illicit,investigational,vet_approved	Carfentanil or carfentanyl (Wildnil) is an analogue of the popular synthetic opioid analgesic fentanyl, and is one of the most potent opioids known (also the most potent opioid used commercially). Carfentanil was first synthesized in 1974 by a team of chemists at Janssen Pharmaceutica which included Paul Janssen. It has a quantitative potency approximately 10,000 times that of morphine and 100 times that of fentanyl, with activity in humans starting at about 1 microgram. It is marketed under the trade name Wildnil as a general anaesthetic agent for large animals. Carfentanil is intended for large-animal use only as its extreme potency makes it inappropriate for use in humans. Currently sufentanil, approximately 10–20 times less potent (500 to 1000 times the efficacy of morphine per weight) than carfentanil, is the maximum strength fentanyl analog for use in humans.	Carfentanil Action Pathway	
DB01536	Androstenedione	experimental,illicit	A delta-4 C19 steroid that is produced not only in the testis, but also in the ovary and the adrenal cortex. Depending on the tissue type, androstenedione can serve as a precursor to testosterone as well as estrone and estradiol.	17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androstenedione Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB01537	4-Bromo-2,5-dimethoxyphenethylamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01538	Acetyldihydrocodeine	experimental,illicit			
DB01539	1-Piperidinocyclohexanecarbonitrile	experimental,illicit			
DB01540	17alpha-methyl-4-hydroxynandrolone	illicit	17alpha-methyl-4-hydroxynandrolone is a schedule 3 anabolic steroid.		
DB01541	Boldenone	illicit,vet_approved	Boldenone is an anabolic steroid developed for veterinary use, mostly for treatment of horses. It is not indicated for use in humans in the US and is only available through veterinary clinics.		
DB01542	Allylprodine	experimental,illicit			
DB01543	18-methyl-19-nortestosterone	experimental,illicit			
DB01544	Flunitrazepam	approved,illicit	Flunitrazepam is a benzodiazepine with pharmacologic actions similar to those of diazepam that can cause anterograde amnesia. Some reports indicate that it is used as a date rape drug and suggest that it may precipitate violent behavior. The United States Government has banned the importation of this drug.		
DB01545	Ethyl loflazepate	experimental,illicit			
DB01546	Etryptamine	illicit,investigational,withdrawn	In the 1960's, alpha-ethyltryptamine (αET), a non hydrazine reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor, was developed in the United States by the Upjohn chemical company for use as an antidepressant. αET was an FDA approved antidepressant under the name Monase. However, in 1962, after the discovery of an unacceptable incidence of agranulocytosis, the development of Monase was halted and the drug was withdrawn from potential market use. In 1993, the US Drug Enforcement Administration added αET to Schedule I of its Schedules of Controlled Substances, after an increasing incidence of its use as a recreational drug in the 1980's. Currently, αET is an illegal substance; however, it's activity is still under scientific investigation. αET is a stimulant and hallucinogen, but it is less stimulating and hallucinogenic than alpha-methyltryptamine, a closely related compound. Instead, the effects of αET, a tryptamine derivative, more closely resemble the amphetamine derived drug 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA). Similarly to MDMA, αET has been shown to release serotonin pre-synaptically, as well as lesser amounts of norepinephrine and dopamine. Like MDMA, increases in locomotor activity and mood elevation can be seen post administration.		
DB01547	Drotebanol	experimental,illicit			
DB01548	Diprenorphine	illicit,vet_approved	A narcotic antagonist similar in action to naloxone. It is used to remobilize animals after etorphine neuroleptanalgesia and is considered a specific antagonist to etorphine. [PubChem]		
DB01549	Rolicyclidine	experimental,illicit	Rolicyclidine (PCPy) is classified as a dissociative anesthetic agent. It also has hallucinogenic and sedative properties. Because of its pharmacodynamic similarity to the drug phencyclidine (PCP),  rolicyclidine was added to the Schedule I list of illegal drugs in the USA in the 1970s.		
DB01550	Fenproporex	experimental,illicit,withdrawn	Fenproporex is an orally active stimulant drug, which was developed in the 1960s. It is used as an appetite suppressant and a treatment for obesity. It is listed as an illicit substance in many countries due to addiction issues and listed as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency. Structurally, fenproporex (N-2-cyanoethylamphetamine) falls within the phenylethamine and amphetamine chemical class of drugs. The N-2-cyanoethyl substituent was once believed to be resistant to cleavage, because fenproporex -- once recommended as an obesity treatment for patients with cardiovascular disease -- was originally claimed to lack stimulant properties. Contrary to the claim, research has demonstrated easy in vivo cleavage of the N-2-cyanothyl substituent to yield amphetamine as a metabolite. [5] However, in clinical practice, central nervous system stimulative effects are less notorious than with some other agents such as diethylpropion and mazindol. [7]In the United States fenproporex was never approved by the FDA for clinical use due to a lack of efficacy and safety data, and is listed as a drug in Schedule IV of the Controlled Substances Act. In 2006 and 2009, the FDA issued warnings that it had been detected in diet pills sold online, and imported from foreign manufacturers.Despite being banned in the United States, fenproporex has been described as the second most commonly consumed appetite suppressant worldwide, [6] with fenproporex containing anorectics still being commonly prescribed in South America. Little is known about the specific hazards of amphetamine based diet pills, however case reports have noted side effects such as chest pain, palpitations, headaches, and insomnia. In addition, placebo controlled studies have shown that participants using fenproporex experience more joint pain, sweating, blurred vision and tremor. [2]		
DB01551	Dihydrocodeine	approved,illicit	Dihydrocodeine is an opioid analgesic used as an alternative or adjunct to codeine to treat moderate to severe pain, severe dyspnea, and cough. It is semi-synthetic, and was developed in Germany in 1908 during an international search to find a more effective antitussive agent to help reduce the spread of airborne infectious diseases such as tuburculosis. It was marketed in 1911.		
DB01552	Betameprodine	experimental,illicit	Betameprodine is an opioid analgesic classified by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration under Schedule I of illegal substances. The stereoisomer alphameprodine is similarly classified, and was more widely used (both are referred to as Meprodine). Betameprodine is a structural analogue of meperidine. It exerts physiological effects characteristic of opioids, such as analgesia, euphoria and sedation, as well as itching, nausea, and respiratory depression.		
DB01553	Cloxazolam	experimental	Cloxazolam is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative/hypnotic, muscle relaxant, and antiepileptic effects. It is marketed in the Argentina, Australia, Portugal, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Germany, Taiwan and Japan -- mainly for anti-anxiety. The usual dose of cloxazolam in adults is 3-12mg/day for anti-anxiety. Although less commonly noted, it has also been reported as clinically effective in the treatment of depression, schizophrenia, and neurosis. As well, it has also been studied in Japan in doses of 15-30mg/day as an adjunct in the treatment of intractable epilepsy, for which it has demonstrated effectiveness.		
DB01554	Bolandiol	experimental,illicit			
DB01555	Alphacetylmethadol	experimental,illicit	A narcotic analgesic with a long onset and duration of action. It is used mainly in the treatment of narcotic dependence. [PubChem]		
DB01556	Chlorphentermine	illicit,withdrawn	A sympathomimetic agent that was formerly used as an anorectic. It has properties similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been implicated in lipid storage disorders and pulmonary hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1223)		
DB01557	α-Methylfentanyl	illicit	α-Methylfentanyl is an analog of fentanyl with opioid analgesic properties.		
DB01558	Bromazepam	approved,illicit,investigational	One of the benzodiazepines that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a Schedule IV drug in the U.S. and Canada and under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances. It is a intermediate-acting benzodiazepine.		
DB01559	Clotiazepam	approved,illicit	Clotiazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative, not approved for sale in the U.S. or Canada, but has been approved in the U.K. It is a schedule IV drug in Canada.		
DB01560	Cathinone	illicit	Cathinone is a monoamine alkaloid found in the shrub Catha edulis (Khat). Closely related to ephedrine, cathine and other amphetamines, it is probably the main contributor to the stimulant effect of Catha edulis. Cathinone differs from many other amphetamines in that its structure is a ketone. Other amphetamines to share this structure include the antidepressant bupropion and the stimulant methcathinone, among others. Internationally, cathinone is categorized as a Schedule I drug. Cathinone was added to the Controlled Substances Act's Schedule I in 1993 in compliance with international laws.		
DB01561	Androstanedione	experimental,illicit		Androstenedione Metabolism	
DB01562	1-(2-Phenylethyl)-4-phenyl-4-acetoxypiperidine	experimental,illicit	1-(2-Phenylethyl)-4-phenyl-4-acetoxypiperidine (PEPAP) is a synthetic analogue of meperidine. It is sold as a "synthetic heroin."		
DB01563	Chloral hydrate	approved,illicit,investigational,vet_approved	A hypnotic and sedative used in the treatment of insomnia. The safety margin is too narrow for chloral hydrate to be used as a general anesthetic in humans, but it is commonly used for that purpose in animal experiments. It is no longer considered useful as an anti-anxiety medication.		
DB01564	Calusterone	experimental,illicit	A 17-alkylated orally active androgenic steroid. A Schedule IV drug in Canada.		
DB01565	Dihydromorphine	experimental,illicit	A semisynthetic analgesic used in the study of narcotic receptors. It has abuse potential. [PubChem]	Dihydromorphine Action Pathway	
DB01566	Methylenedioxyethamphetamine	experimental,illicit			
DB01567	Fludiazepam	experimental,illicit	Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.		
DB01568	Codeine-N-oxide	experimental,illicit			
DB01569	Formebolone	experimental,illicit	Formebolone, a derivative of androstane, is an anabolic androgenic steroid. It is on the list of substances prohibited by the Word Anti-Doping Agency, and is regularly screened for in athletes.[A14416] It is also classified by the US Drug Enforcement Administration as Schedule III drug in the Controlled Substances Act. It has been used experimentally in the treatment of growth retardation, and has been noted to increase bone mass.[A14416] Additionally, it has been patented for use in development of novel transdermal delivery systems for enhanced drug delivery.		
DB01570	Ohmefentanyl	illicit	Ohmefentanyl is an extremely potent opioid analgesic drug which selectively binds to the µ-opioid receptor. The Chinese have recorded ohmefentanyl as having a potency that is 6,300 times morphine. Ohmefentanyl is one of the most potent μ -receptor agonists known, comparable to super-potent opioids such as carfentanil and etorphine which are used for tranquilizing large animals such as elephants in veterinary medicine. In mice, ohmefentanyl was 28 times more powerful than fentanyl and 6300 times more effective than morphine. Ohmefentanyl has three stereogenic centers and hence, it can derive into eight stereoisomers, currently named F9201–F9208. Researchers are studying the different pharmaceutical properties of these isomers.		
DB01571	3-Methylfentanyl	illicit	3-Methylfentanyl is an opioid analgesic and is an analog of the potent opioid, fentanyl. 3-Methylfentanyl is one of the most powerful opioid drugs sold illegally and is estimated to be between 400-6000 times more potent than morphine in certain cases. 3-Methylfentanyl was initially discovered in 1974 and widespread illegal use of this drug has occurred since this time.		
DB01572	Methyl-1-testosterone	experimental,illicit	Methyl-1-testosterone is a synthetic and orally active anabolic–androgenic steroid (AAS) which was never marketed for medical use. It is a derivative of 1-testosterone with a methyl group in the carbon 17. Methyl-1-testosterone is considered a prohibited doping substance.		
DB01573	Benzylmorphine	experimental,illicit			
DB01574	Attapulgite	approved,vet_approved	Attapulgite is a magnesium aluminium phyllosilicate which occurs in a type of clay soil common to the Southeastern United States. When used in medicine, it physically binds to acids and toxic substances in the stomach and digestive tract. For that reason, it has often been used in antidiarrheal medications. Until 2003, it was the active ingredient used in Kaopectate, before that product was reformulated with bismuth subsalicylate.		
DB01575	Kaolin	approved	Kaolin is a layered silicate mineral. Kaolin is used in ceramics, medicine, coated paper, as a food additive, in toothpaste, as a light diffusing material in white incandescent light bulbs, and in cosmetics. Until the early 1990s it was the active substance of anti-diarrhoea medicine Kaopectate.		
DB01576	Dextroamphetamine	approved,illicit	Dextroamphetamine is the dextrorotary enantiomer of amphetamine[A2505]. Dextroamphetamine was approved by the FDA in 2001 for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder[L6010,Label].		
DB01577	Metamfetamine	approved,illicit	Metamfetamine (methamphetamine) is a psychostimulant and sympathomimetic drug. It is a member of the amphetamine group of sympathomimetic amines. Methamphetamine can induce effects such as euphoria, increased alertness and energy, and enhanced self-esteem. It is a scheduled drug in most countries due to its high potential for addiction and abuse.		
DB01578	Metrizamide	experimental	Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.		
DB01579	Phendimetrazine	approved,illicit	Phendimetrazine is a weight loss medication. Phendimetrazine is chemically related to amphetamines and is a Schedule III drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances and in the US since 1970.		
DB01580	Oxprenolol	approved	A beta-adrenergic antagonist used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, arrhythmias, and anxiety.	Oxprenolol Action Pathway	
DB01581	Sulfamerazine	approved,vet_approved	A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent.		
DB01582	Sulfamethazine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A sulfanilamide anti-infective agent. It has a spectrum of antimicrobial action similar to other sulfonamides.		
DB01583	Liotrix	approved	Liotrix is a synthetically derived thyroid hormone replacement preparation. It consists of levothyroxine sodium (thyroxine, T4) and liothyronine sodium (triiodothyronine, T3) in a 4 to 1 ratio by weight. Liotrix was developed when it was believed that serum levels of both T4 and T3 were maintained by direct thyroidal secretion. It is now known that the thyroid gland secretes approximately ten times more T4 than T3 and that 80% of serum T3 is derived from deiodination of T4 in peripheral tissues. Administration of levothyroxine alone is sufficient for maintaining serum T4 and T3 levels in most patients and combination hormone replacement therapy generally offers no therapeutic advantage. In fact, administration of T3 may result in supratherapeutic levels of T3.		
DB01584	Thyroglobulin	approved,withdrawn	Thyroglobulin (also known as Tg) is an enzyme thyroid hormone used by the thyroid gland to produce the thyroid hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). The active form of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, is produced both within the thyroid gland and periphery by 5'-deiodinase. Patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis or Graves' disease, frequently develop antibodies against thyroglobulin. Thyroglobulin is used to treat hypothyroidism.		
DB01586	Ursodeoxycholic acid	approved,investigational	Ursodeoxycholic acid is an epimer of [chenodeoxycholic acid]. It is a mammalian bile acid found first in the bear and is apparently either a precursor or a product of chenodeoxycholate. Its administration changes the composition of bile and may dissolve gallstones. It is used as a cholagogue and choleretic.		
DB01587	Ketazolam	approved	Ketazolam is a benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant activity. Ketazolam is not approved in Canada or America.		
DB01588	Prazepam	approved,illicit	Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.		
DB01589	Quazepam	approved,illicit	Quazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It induces impairment of motor function and has hypnotic properties. Quazepam is used to treat insomnia.		
DB01590	Everolimus	approved	Everolimus is a derivative of Rapamycin (sirolimus), and works similarly to Rapamycin as an mTOR (mammalian target of rapamycin) inhibitor. It is currently used as an immunosuppressant to prevent rejection of organ transplants. In a similar fashion to other mTOR inhibitors Everolimus' effect is solely on the mTORC1 protein and not on the mTORC2 protein.		
DB01591	Solifenacin	approved	Solifenacin is a competitive muscarinic receptor antagonist indicated to treat an overactive bladder with urinary incontinence, urgency, and frequency.[L7511] It has a long duration of action as it is usually taken once daily.[L7511]Solifenacin was granted FDA approval on 19 November 2004.[L7511]		
DB01592	Iron	approved	A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.	Nucleotide Sugars Metabolism,Cysteine Metabolism,Oxidation of Branched-Chain Fatty Acids,Tryptophan Metabolism,Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Phenylketonuria,Hypercholesterolemia,Zellweger Syndrome,Vitamin A Deficiency,Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Galactosemia III,Mevalonic Aciduria,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId,Cystinosis, Ocular Nonnephropathic,The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,Tyrosine Metabolism,Inositol Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Taurine and Hypotaurine Metabolism,Porphyrin Metabolism,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Galactose Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Simvastatin Action Pathway	
DB01593	Zinc	approved,investigational	A metallic element of atomic number 30 and atomic weight 65.38. It is a necessary trace element in the diet, forming an essential part of many enzymes, and playing an important role in protein synthesis and in cell division. Zinc deficiency is associated with anemia, short stature, hypogonadism, impaired wound healing, and geophagia. It is identified by the symbol _Zn_ [L2098].A newer study suggests implies that an imbalance of zinc is associated with the neuronal damage associated with traumatic brain injury, stroke, and seizures [A32465]. Understanding the mechanisms that control brain zinc homeostasis is, therefore, imperative to the development of preventive and treatment regimens for these and other neurological disorders [A32465].In addition to the above, recent review articles have already demonstrated the important role of zinc in the pathophysiology and treatment of affective disorders, plus discussed the potential value of zinc as a marker of these diseases [L2097].  Most recently, research has shown that polymorphism of the common polymorphism in zinc transporter _SLC30A8/ZnT8_ may increase susceptibility to type 2 diabetes provided novel insights into the role of zinc in diabetes [A32416].	Pterine Biosynthesis,beta-Alanine Metabolism,Vitamin B6 Metabolism,Methionine Metabolism,Aspartate Metabolism,Retinol Metabolism,Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,Benazepril Action Pathway,Quinapril Action Pathway,Ramipril Action Pathway,Rescinnamine Action Pathway,Eprosartan Action Pathway,Irbesartan Action Pathway,Losartan Action Pathway,Valsartan Action Pathway,AICA-Ribosiduria,Alkaptonuria,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Canavan Disease,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Galactosemia,gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,Hawkinsinuria	
DB01594	Cinolazepam	experimental	Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant activity. It is not approved in Canada or America.		
DB01595	Nitrazepam	approved	A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.		
DB01597	Cilastatin	approved,investigational	Cilastatin is an inhibitor of renal dehydropeptidase, an enzyme responsible for both the metabolism of thienamycin beta-lactam antibiotics as well as conversion of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4. Since the antibiotic, [imipenem], is one such antibiotic that is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase, cilastatin is used in combination with imipenem to prevent its metabolism. The first combination product containing both drugs was approved by the FDA in November of 1985 under the trade name Primaxin, marketed by Merck & Co.[L7628] A newer triple-drug product was approved in July 2019 under the trade name Recarbrio which also contains [relebactam].[L4894]		
DB01598	Imipenem	approved	Imipenem is a semisynthetic thienamycin that has a wide spectrum of antibacterial activity against gram-negative and gram-positive aerobic and anaerobic bacteria, including many multiresistant strains.[label] It is stable to many beta-lactamases. Similar compounds include [meropenem], known for having greater activity against Gram negative bacteria, and the newer [ertapenem] which exhibits a longer half-life due to increased binding to plasma proteins.[A15389] Imipenem is commonly used in combination with [cilastatin] and is now available in a triple-drug product with cilastatin and [relebactam] which was recently approved by the FDA. Imipenem was first approved by the FDA in November 1985 as the combination product Primaxin marketed by Merck & Co.[L7628]		
DB01599	Probucol	approved,investigational	A drug used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol yet has little effect on serum-triglyceride or VLDL cholesterol. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p993).		
DB01600	Tiaprofenic acid	approved	Tiaprofenic acid is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug employed in the treatment of pain, particularly arthritis pain. It belongs to the _arylpropionic acid_ (profen) group of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).	Tiaprofenic Acid Action Pathway	
DB01601	Lopinavir	approved	Lopinavir is an antiretroviral protease inhibitor used in combination with other antiretrovirals in the treatment of HIV-1 infection.[L11163] Lopinavir is marketed and administered exclusively in combination with [ritonavir] - this combination, first marketed by Abbott under the brand name Kaletra in 2000, is necessary due to lopinavir's poor oral bioavailability and extensive biotransformation. Ritonavir is a potent inhibitor of the enzymes responsible for lopinavir metabolism, and its co-administration "boosts" lopinavir exposure and improves antiviral activity.[L11163] Like many other protease inhibitors (e.g. [saquinavir], [nelfinavir]), lopinavir is a peptidomimetic molecule - it contains a hydroxyethylene scaffold that mimics the peptide linkage typically targeted by the HIV-1 protease enzyme but which itself cannot be cleaved, thus preventing the activity of the HIV-1 protease.[A191757]Lopinavir is currently under investigation in combination with ritonavir for the treatment of COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2.[L12012]		
DB01602	Bacampicillin	approved,investigational	Bacampicillin is a prodrug of ampicillin and is microbiologically inactive. It is absorbed following oral administration. During absorption from the gastrointestinal tract, bacampicillin is hydrolyzed by esterases present in the intestinal wall. It is microbiologically active as ampicillin, and exerts a bactericidal action through the inhibition of the biosynthesis of cell wall mucopeptides.  It is used to cure infection of upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis etc.		
DB01603	Meticillin	approved,investigational	One of the penicillins which is resistant to penicillinase but susceptible to a penicillin-binding protein. It is inactivated by gastric acid so administered by injection.		
DB01604	Pivampicillin	approved	Pivalate ester analog of ampicillin.		
DB01605	Pivmecillinam	approved	Pivmecillinam is a mecillinam prodrug, a pivaloyloxymethyl ester of amdinocillin that is well absorbed orally, but broken down to amdinocillin in the intestinal mucosa. It is active against gram-negative organisms and used as for amdinocillin. [PubChem]		
DB01606	Tazobactam	approved	Tazobactam is an antibiotic of the beta-lactamase inhibitor class that prevents the breakdown of other antibiotics by beta-lactamase enzyme producing organisms. It is combined with [Piperacillin] and [Ceftolozane] for the treatment of a variety of bacterial infections.Piperacillin-tazobactam was initially approved by the FDA in 1994, and ceftolozane-tazobactam was approved by the FDA in 2014[FDA label], providing wider antibacterial coverage for gram-negative infections. In June 2019, ceftolozane-tazobactam was approved by the FDA for treating hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia, which are significant causes of morbidity and mortality in hospitalized patients.[L6673]		
DB01607	Ticarcillin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An antibiotic derived from penicillin similar to carbenicillin in action.		
DB01608	Periciazine	approved,investigational	Periciazine is a phenothiazine of the piperidine group. It has been shown to reduce pathologic arousal and affective tension in some psychotic patients, while the symptoms of abnormal mental integration are relatively unaffected. It is a sedative phenothiazine with weak antipsychotic properties. It also has adrenolytic, anticholinergic, metabolic and endocrine effects and an action on the extrapyramidal system.  It is used as an adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients, for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. Pericyazine, like other phenothiazines, is presumed to act principally in the subcortical areas, by producing what has been described as a central adrenergic blockade.		
DB01609	Deferasirox	approved,investigational	Deferasirox is an iron chelator and the first oral medication FDA approved for chronic iron overload in patients receiving long term blood transfusions.		
DB01610	Valganciclovir	approved,investigational	Valganciclovir hydrochloride (Valcyte, manufactured by Roche) is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus infections. As the L-valyl ester of ganciclovir, it is actually a prodrug for ganciclovir. After oral administration, it is rapidly converted to ganciclovir by intestinal and hepatic esterases.		
DB01611	Hydroxychloroquine	approved	Hydroxychloroquine is a racemic mixture consisting of an R and S enantiomer.[A183047] Hydroxychloroquine is an aminoquinoline like [chloroquine].[L8072] It is a commonly prescribed medication in the treatment of uncomplicated malaria, rheumatoid arthritis, chronic discoid lupus erythematosus, and systemic lupus erythematosus.[L8072] Hydroxychloroquine is also used for the prophylaxis of malaria in regions where chloroquine resistance is unlikely.[L8072] It was developed during World War II as a derivative of [quinacrine] with less severe side effects.[A183092] Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine are both being investigated for the treatment of SARS-CoV-2.[A192132]**The FDA emergency use authorization for hydroxychloroquine and [chloroquine] in the treatment of COVID-19 was revoked on 15 June 2020.[L14312]**Hydroxychloroquine was granted FDA approval on 18 April 1955.[L8072]A recent study reported a fatality in the group being treated with hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19.[A192546]		
DB01612	Amyl Nitrite	approved	Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Its use as a prescription medicine comes from its ability to lower blood pressure. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.		
DB01613	Erythrityl tetranitrate	approved,experimental,investigational	A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)		
DB01614	Acepromazine	experimental,vet_approved	Acepromazine is one of the phenothiazine derivative psychotropic drugs, used little in humans, however frequently in animals as a sedative and antiemetic.		
DB01615	Aceprometazine	experimental	Aceprometazine is a is a drug with neuroleptic and anti-histamine properties. Although not widely prescribed, it is used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders in France under the trade name Mepronizine.		
DB01616	Alverine	approved,investigational	Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant used to  relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is therefore useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain.		
DB01618	Molindone	approved	An indole derivative effective in schizophrenia and other psychoses and possibly useful in the treatment of the aggressive type of undersocialized conduct disorder. Molindone has much lower affinity for D2 receptors than most antipsychotic agents and has a relatively low affinity for D1 receptors. It has only low to moderate affinity for cholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Some electrophysiologic data from animals indicate that molindone has certain characteristics that resemble those of clozapine. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p283)		
DB01619	Phenindamine	approved	Phenindamine is an antihistamine. Phenindamine blocks the effects of the naturally occurring chemical histamine in your body. Antihistamines such as phenindamine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.  It is used to treat sneezing, runny nose, itching, watery eyes, hives, rashes, itching, and other symptoms of allergies and the common cold.Symptoms of a phenindamine overdose include extreme sleepiness, confusion, weakness, ringing in the ears, blurred vision, large pupils, dry mouth, flushing, fever, shaking, insomnia, hallucinations, and possibly seizures.	Phenindamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01620	Pheniramine	approved	Pheniramine  is a first generation antihistamine in the alkylamine class, similar to [brompheniramine] and [chlorpheniramine].[A181628] It is used in some over-the-counter allergy as well as cold & flu products in combination with other drugs. Pheniramine's use as an anti-allergy medication has largely been supplanted by second generation antihistamines such as [cetirazine] and [loratidine].	Pheniramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB01621	Pipotiazine	approved,investigational	Pipotiazine has actions similar to those of other phenothiazines. Among the different phenothiazine derivatives, it appears to be less sedating and to have a weak propensity for causing hypotension or potentiating the effects of CNS depressants and anesthetics. However, it produces a high incidence of extra pyramidal reactions. It is used for the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients. Symptoms of overdose include severe extrapyramidal manifestations, hypotension, lethargy and sedation.		
DB01622	Thioproperazine	experimental	Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the  treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.		
DB01623	Thiothixene	approved	A thioxanthine used as an antipsychotic agent. Its effects are similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics.		
DB01624	Zuclopenthixol	approved,investigational	Zuclopenthixol, also known as Zuclopentixol or Zuclopenthixolum, is an antipsychotic agent. Zuclopenthixol is a thioxanthene-based neuroleptic with therapeutic actions similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. It is an antagonist at D1 and D2 dopamine receptors. Major brands of zuclopenthixol are Cisordinol, Acuphase, and Clopixol. This drug is a liquid. This compound belongs to the thioxanthenes. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a thioxanthene moiety, which is an aromatic tricycle derived from xanthene by replacing the oxygen atom with a sulfur atom. Known drug targets of zuclopenthixol include 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A, D(1B) dopamine receptor, D(2) dopamine receptor, D(1A) dopamine receptor, and alpha-1A adrenergic receptor. It is known that zuclopenthixol is metabolized by Cytochrome P450 2D6. Zuclopenthixol was approved for use in Canada in 2011, but is not approved for use in the United States.		
DB01625	Isopropamide	approved,vet_approved	Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.		
DB01626	Pargyline	approved	Pargyline is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties.		
DB01627	Lincomycin	approved,vet_approved	An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lincolnensis var. lincolnensis. It has been used in the treatment of staphylococcal, streptococcal, and Bacteroides fragilis infections.	Lincomycin Action Pathway	
DB01628	Etoricoxib	approved,investigational	Etoricoxib is a new COX-2 selective inhibitor. Current therapeutic indications are: treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, chronic low back pain, acute pain and gout. Like any other COX-2 selective inhibitor, Etoricoxib selectively inhibits isoform 2 of cyclo-oxigenase enzyme (COX-2) to reduce the generation of prostaglandins (PGs) from arachidonic acid. It is approved in more than 60 countries worldwide but not in the US.	Etoricoxib Action Pathway	
DB01629	5-fluorouridine	experimental	5-fluorouridine is also known as FUrd, 5-Fluorouracil 1-beta-D-ribofuranoside, 5-Fur, or 5-Fluoro-uridine. 5-fluorouridine is a solid. This compound belongs to the pyrimidine nucleosides and analogues. These are compounds comprising a pyrimidine base attached to a sugar. 5-fluorouridine is known to target uridine phosphorylase. FUrd is often used in chemical and biochemical comparison studies with fluorouracil and thymine analogs.		
DB01630	SC-74020	experimental			
DB01631	Methyl nonanoate	experimental			
DB01632	5-O-phosphono-alpha-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphate	approved,experimental,investigational	The key substance in the biosynthesis of histidine, tryptophan, and purine and pyrimidine nucleotides.	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Homocarnosinosis,Xanthinuria Type I,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Ribose-5-phosphate Isomerase Deficiency,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Nicotinate and Nicotinamide Metabolism,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway	
DB01633	Deoxy-2-fluoro-beta-D-cellotrioside	experimental,investigational			
DB01634	2-Oxy-4-Hydroxy-5-(2-Hydrazinopyridine)Phenylalanine	experimental			
DB01635	2,2-Dimethylthiazolidine-4-Carboxylic Acid;(Dmt)Thiazolidine	experimental			
DB01637	3,7,11,15-tetramethyl-hexadecan-1-ol	experimental,investigational			
DB01638	Sorbitol	approved	A polyhydric alcohol with about half the sweetness of sucrose. Sorbitol occurs naturally and is also produced synthetically from glucose. It was formerly used as a diuretic and may still be used as a laxative and in irrigating solutions for some surgical procedures.	Galactosemia,Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Galactose Metabolism,Fructosuria,Fructose Intolerance, Hereditary	
DB01639	N-Methyl-Pyridoxal-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB01640	6-(4-{[2-(3-iodobenzyl)-3-oxocyclohex-1-en-1-yl]amino}phenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydropyridazin-3(2H)-one	experimental			
DB01641	{(4Z)-2-[(1R,2R)-1-Amino-2-hydroxypropyl]-4-[(4-amino-1H-indol-3-yl)methylene]-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-1-yl}acetic acid	experimental			
DB01642	methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB01643	Thymidine monophosphate	experimental	5-Thymidylic acid. A thymine nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the deoxyribose moiety.	Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB01644	3,6-dihydroxy-xanthene-9-propionic acid	experimental			
DB01645	Genistein	investigational	An isoflavonoid derived from soy products. It inhibits protein-tyrosine kinase and topoisomerase-II (DNA topoisomerases, type II) activity and is used as an antineoplastic and antitumor agent. Experimentally, it has been shown to induce G2 phase arrest in human and murine cell lines.Additionally, genistein has antihelmintic activity. It has been determined to be the active ingredient in <I>Felmingia vestita</I>, which is a plant traditionally used against worms. It has shown to be effective in the treatment of common liver fluke, pork trematode and poultry cestode.Further, genistein is a phytoestrogen which has selective estrogen receptor modulator properties. It has been investigated in clinical trials as an alternative to classical hormone therapy to help prevent cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women [A14417].  Natural sources of genistein include tofu, fava beans, soybeans, kudzu, and lupin.		
DB01646	N-Acetylmethionine	experimental			
DB01647	Daxalipram	experimental			
DB01648	Methyl 4-thio-beta-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB01649	7-methyl-GpppA	experimental			
DB01650	trans-2-hydroxycinnamic acid	experimental			
DB01651	Methyl 4,6-O-[(1R)-1-carboxyethylidene]-beta-D-galactopyranoside	experimental			
DB01652	4-hydroxybenzoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB01655	L-gulonic acid 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB01656	Roflumilast	approved	Roflumilast is a phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE-4) inhibitor. Due to its selective inhibition of the PDE4 isoenzyme in lung cells, roflumilast is indicated for the management of chronic obstrtuctive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. Treatment with Roflumilast is associated with an increase in psychiatric adverse reactions, including suicide and suicidal attempts.		
DB01657	2-amino-3-[4-hydroxy-6-oxo-3-(2-phenyl-cyclopropylimino)-cyclohexa-1,4-dienyl]-propionic acid	experimental			
DB01658	1'-Deazo-Thiamin Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01659	3-(1,10-Phenanthrol-2-Yl)-L-Alanine	experimental			
DB01661	1-(5-phospho-D-ribosyl)-ATP	experimental			
DB01662	Trans-O-Hydroxy-Alpha-Methyl Cinnamate	experimental			
DB01663	lambda-bis(2,2'-bipyridine)-(5-methyl-2-2'-bipyridine)-C9-adamantane ruthenium (II)	experimental			
DB01664	(S)-DES-ME-AMPA	experimental			
DB01665	2H-Benzimidazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB01666	D-Myo-Inositol-Hexasulphate	experimental			
DB01667	8-azaguanine	experimental	8-azaguanine is one of the early purine analogs showing antineoplastic activity. It functions as an antimetabolite and is easily incorporated into ribonucleic acids.		
DB01668	Nanaomycin D	experimental			
DB01669	Virginiamycin M1	experimental	Pristinamycin IIA is a macrolide antibiotic, a member of the streptogramin A group of antibiotics, and one component of pristinamycin. It is produced by Streptomyces graminofaciens and other bacteria.		
DB01670	Propyl acetate	experimental			
DB01671	p-Hydroxymercuribenzoic acid	experimental			
DB01672	2,3-Dihydroxy-Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB01673	Uridine-5'-Diphosphate-N-Acetylmuramoyl-L-Alanine	experimental			
DB01674	[2-(1-Amino-2-Hydroxy-Propyl)-4-(4-Fluoro-1h-Indol-3-Ylmethyl)-5-Hydroxy-Imidazol-1-Yl]-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB01675	Methacrylyl-Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB01676	Trinitrotoluene	experimental	Trinitrotoluene is an explosive chemical that can cause skin irritation and other toxic consequences.		
DB01677	Fumaric Acid	experimental,investigational			
DB01678	RU84687	experimental	RU84687 is a subnanomolar and Src SH2 selective binder.		
DB01679	Propyl Trihydrogen Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01681	Benzene Hexacarboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB01682	6'-Methyl-Thiamin Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01683	Chymostatin	experimental			
DB01684	1-Hydroxy-1-Thio-Glycerol	experimental			
DB01685	Topiroxostat	experimental	Topiroxostat is a selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor developed for treatment and management of hyperuricemia and gout. Xanthine oxidase, or xanthine oxidoreductase (XOR), regulates purine metabolism, and inhibition of the enzyme results in efficacious reduction of serum urate levels. Xanthine oxidase inhibitors are classified into two groups; purine analogs such as [DB00437] and [DB05262], and non-purine agents which includes topiroxostat. While [DB00437] is considered a first-line therapy in treating hyperuricemic conditions, it is often associated with side effects and ineffective in reducing uric acid levels under recommended dosing regimens. Renal complications are major comorbidities that limit the [DB00437] therapy as dose reductions are recommended. Topiroxostat and its metabolites are shown to be unaffected by renal complications, thus may be effective in patients with chronic kidney diseases [A19657]. Approved for therapeutic use in Japan since 2013, topiroxostat is marketed under the name Topiloric and Uriadec and is orally administered twice daily.		
DB01686	N,N-dimethylarginine	experimental	Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is a naturally occurring chemical found in blood plasma. It is a metabolic by-product of continual protein modification processes in the cytoplasm of all human cells which is closely related to L-arginine, a conditionally-essential amino acid. ADMA interferes with L-arginine in the production of nitric oxide, a key chemical to endothelial and hence cardiovascular health.		
DB01687	beta-Mannobiose	experimental			
DB01688	P-Cresol	experimental			
DB01689	Inhibitor Idd 384	experimental			
DB01690	Bis(Adenosine)-5'-Triphosphate	experimental			
DB01691	Indole Naphthyridinone	experimental			
DB01692	Dithioerythritol	experimental	A compound that, along with its isomer, Cleland's reagent (dithiothreitol), is used for the protection of sulfhydryl groups against oxidation to disulfides and for the reduction of disulfides to sulfhydryl groups. [PubChem]		
DB01694	D-tartaric acid	experimental			
DB01695	N-Hydroxy-4-Phosphono-Butanamide	experimental			
DB01697	beta-cellotriose	experimental			
DB01698	Rutin	approved,experimental,investigational	A flavonol glycoside found in many plants, including buckwheat; tobacco; forsythia; hydrangea; viola, etc. It has been used therapeutically to decrease capillary fragility.		
DB01699	(4e)-4-Aminohex-4-Enoic Acid	experimental			
DB01700	AICA ribonucleotide	experimental,investigational	5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR) is an intermediate in the generation of inosine monophosphate and analog of adenosine monophosphate (AMP) that is capable of stimulating AMP-dependent protein kinase (AMPK) activity. AICAR has been used clinically to treat and protect against cardiac ischemic injury. The drug was first used in the 1980s as a method to preserve blood flow to the heart during surgery and is currently  of interest as a potential treatment for diabetes by increasing the metabolic activity of tissues by changing the physical composition of muscle.	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB01701	1,2-Dichloro-Propane	experimental			
DB01702	2-(3,4-Dihydroxyphenyl)Acetic Acid	experimental	A deaminated metabolite of levodopa. [PubChem]	Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB01703	N-(2-ferrocenylethyl)maleimide	experimental			
DB01704	2,4-Dihydroxy-Trans Cinnamic Acid	experimental			
DB01705	Bis(5-Amidino-Benzimidazolyl)Methane	experimental			
DB01706	2-Bromo-6-chloro-purine	experimental			
DB01707	L-Alfa-Lysophosphatidylcholine, Lauroyl	experimental			
DB01708	Prasterone	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.		
DB01709	2-phospho-D-glyceric acid	experimental	A 2-phosphoglyceric acid in which the glyceric acid moiety has D (R) configuration.	Gluconeogenesis,Glycogenosis, Type IC,Glycogenosis, Type IA. Von Gierke Disease,Glycolysis,Glycogenosis, Type VII. Tarui Disease,Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Deficiency 1 (PEPCK1),Glycogenosis, Type IB,Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1A (GSD1A) or Von Gierke Disease,Fructose-1,6-diphosphatase Deficiency,Triosephosphate Isomerase,Fanconi-Bickel Syndrome,Warburg Effect	
DB01710	Porphyrin Fe(III)	experimental			
DB01711	2,3,4,5,6-Pentafluorobenzyl Alcohol	experimental			
DB01712	(3R)-4-(p-toluenesulfonyl)-1,4-thiazane-3-carboxylicacid-L-phenylalanine ethyl ester	experimental			
DB01713	UDP-alpha-D-xylose	experimental	The decarboxylation product of UDPglucuronic acid, which is used for formation of the xylosides of seryl hydroxyl groups in mucoprotein synthesis. Also forms plant xylans.		
DB01714	Epsilon-N-methyllysine	experimental			
DB01715	7,8-Diamino-Nonanoic Acid	experimental			
DB01716	2-propenyl-N-acetyl-neuramic acid	experimental			
DB01717	Bis(Adenosine)-5'-Pentaphosphate	experimental			
DB01718	Cetrimonium	approved	Cetrimonium is a quaternary ammonium cation whose salts are used as antiseptics.		
DB01719	Thio-Maltopentaose	experimental			
DB01720	(2Z)-2-(Benzoylamino)-3-[4-(2-bromophenoxy)phenyl]acrylic acid	experimental			
DB01721	N-[2-hydroxy-1-indanyl]-5-[(2-tertiarybutylaminocarbonyl)-4(benzo[1,3]dioxol-5-ylmethyl)-piperazino]-4-hydroxy-2-(1-phenylethyl)-pentanamide	experimental			
DB01723	{3-[3-(3,4-Dimethoxy-Phenyl)-1-(1-{1-[2-(3,4,5-Trimethoxy-Phenyl)-Butyryl]-Piperidin-2yl}-Vinyloxy)-Propyl]-Phenoxy}-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB01724	L-Threoninol	experimental			
DB01725	2-{2-hydroxy-[1,1'-biphenyl]-3-yl}-1H-1,3-benzodiazole-5-carboximidamide	experimental			
DB01726	2-Aminophenol	experimental			
DB01727	Isocitric Acid	experimental			
DB01728	1,2-dihexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine	experimental			
DB01729	1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate	experimental		Inositol Metabolism,Inositol Phosphate Metabolism	
DB01731	(S)-wiskostatin	experimental			
DB01732	(4R,5S,6S,7R)-1,3-dibenzyl-4,7-bis(phenoxymethyl)-5,6-dihydroxy-1,3 diazepan-2-one	experimental			
DB01733	L-Phospholactate	experimental			
DB01734	3-(Oxalyl-Amino)-Naphthalene-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB01735	3-Chloroalaninate	experimental			
DB01736	[3-(Dodecanoylamino)Propyl](Hydroxy)Dimethylammonium	experimental			
DB01737	Nalpha-(2-Naphthylsulfonylglycyl)-3-Amidino-D,L-Phenylalanine-Isopropylester	experimental			
DB01738	Phosphorylcolamine	experimental			
DB01739	L-alloisoleucine	experimental			
DB01740	4-butyl-5-propyl-1,3-selenazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB01741	CRA_17693	experimental			
DB01742	(3r)-1-Acetyl-3-Methylpiperidine	experimental			
DB01744	Camphor	approved	A bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially cinnamomum camphora. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.		
DB01745	N-Alpha-(2-Naphthylsulfonyl)-N(3-Amidino-L-Phenylalaninyl)Isopipecolinic Acid Methyl Ester	experimental			
DB01746	D-Leucine	experimental	An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation. [PubChem]		
DB01747	Coprogen	experimental			
DB01748	N-Benzyl-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB01749	1,2-Dimethoxyethane	experimental			
DB01750	1-naphthaleneacetic acid	experimental			
DB01751	Tetraiodothyroacetic acid	experimental			
DB01752	S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine	experimental	5'-S-(3-Amino-3-carboxypropyl)-5'-thioadenosine. Formed from S-adenosylmethionine after transmethylation reactions.		
DB01753	4-oxo-nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide phosphate	experimental			
DB01754	3,4-Dihydroxy-1-Methylquinolin-2(1h)-One	experimental			
DB01755	N-[Isoleucinyl]-N'-[adenosyl]-diaminosufone	experimental			
DB01756	4-phospho-L-threonic acid	experimental			
DB01758	3-Iodo-Tyrosine	experimental		Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB01759	Kojic acid	experimental			
DB01760	2-Methoxy-3-Isopropylpyrazine	experimental			
DB01761	4-[5-[2-(1-phenyl-ethylamino)-pyrimidin-4-yl]-1-methyl-4-(3-trifluoromethylphenyl)-1H-imidazol-2-yl]-piperidine	experimental			
DB01762	Acetoacetic acid	experimental		Tyrosine Metabolism,Butyrate Metabolism,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Tyrosinemia Type I,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Disulfiram Action Pathway,Fatty Acid Biosynthesis,Isovaleric Acidemia,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Ketone Body Metabolism,3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome),Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A),Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Phenylketonuria,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB01763	7-thionicotinamide-adenine-dinucleotide phosphate	experimental			
DB01764	Dalfopristin	approved	Dalfopristin is a combination of two antibiotics (Dalfopristin and quinupristin) used to treat infections by staphylococci and by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium. It is not effective against Enterococcus faecalis infections. Dalfopristin inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome and quinupristin inhibits the late phase of protein synthesis.		
DB01765	(5-hydroxyindolo[1,2-a]quinazolin-7-yl)acetic acid	experimental			
DB01766	Beta-(2-Naphthyl)-Alanine	experimental			
DB01767	Hemi-Babim	experimental			
DB01768	Methylumbelliferyl sialic acid	experimental			
DB01771	CRA_10991	experimental			
DB01772	3-[3-(2,3-Dihydroxy-Propylamino)-Phenyl]-4-(5-Fluoro-1-Methyl-1h-Indol-3-Yl)-Pyrrole-2,5-Dione	experimental			
DB01773	4-[3-carboxymethyl-3-(4-phosphonooxy-benzyl)-ureido]-4-[(3-cyclohexyl-propyl)-methyl-carbamoyl]butyric acid	experimental			
DB01774	Adenosine-5'-Monophosphate Glucopyranosyl-Monophosphate Ester	experimental	Serves as the glycosyl donor for formation of bacterial glycogen, amylose in green algae, and amylopectin in higher plants. [PubChem]		
DB01775	Dihydroxyacetone	experimental	A ketotriose compound. Its addition to blood preservation solutions results in better maintenance of 2,3-diphosphoglycerate levels during storage. It is readily phosphorylated to dihydroxyacetone phosphate by triokinase in erythrocytes. In combination with naphthoquinones it acts as a sunscreening agent. [PubChem]		
DB01776	M-Cresol	experimental			
DB01777	CoA-S-trimethylene-acetyl-tryptamine	experimental			
DB01778	8-Aminotheophylline	experimental			
DB01779	Glycerol 2-phosphate	experimental			
DB01780	Fusicoccin	experimental			
DB01782	Pyrazolanthrone	experimental			
DB01783	Pantothenic acid	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5 (a B vitamin), is a water-soluble vitamin discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1919. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient as it is required to synthesize coenzyme-A (CoA), as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats. Pantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine and commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products. Only the dextrorotatory (D) isomer of pantothenic acid possesses biological activity. while the levorotatory (L) form may antagonize the effects of the dextrorotatory isomer.	Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,beta-Alanine Metabolism,Pantothenate and CoA Biosynthesis,GABA-Transaminase Deficiency,Ureidopropionase Deficiency	
DB01784	4-Flourobenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB01785	Dimethylallyl Diphosphate	experimental		Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease	
DB01786	D-Alanine	experimental	The D-enantiomer of alanine.		
DB01788	4-Imino-5-Methidyl-2-Methylpyrimidine	experimental			
DB01789	1-Amino-2,3-Dihydroxy-5-Hydroxymethyl Cyclohex-5-Ene	experimental			
DB01790	(Rp)-cAMPS	experimental			
DB01791	Piclamilast	experimental	Piclamilast (RP-73,401), is a selective PDE4 inhibitor comparable to other PDE4 inhibitors for its anti-inflammatory effects. It has been investigated for its applications to the treatment of conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia and asthma. The structure for piclamilast was first elucidated in a 1995 European patent application and exhibits the structural functionalities of cilomilast and roflumilast.		
DB01792	Adenylyl-(3'-5')-uridine 3'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB01793	SB-409513	experimental			
DB01794	bis(molybdopterin)tungsten cofactor	experimental			
DB01795	Phenylboronic acid	experimental			
DB01796	Quinolinic Acid	experimental	A metabolite of tryptophan with a possible role in neurodegenerative disorders. Elevated CSF levels of quinolinic acid are correlated with the severity of neuropsychological deficits in patients who have AIDS. [PubChem]	Nicotinate and Nicotinamide Metabolism,Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB01797	(2R)-2-(aminomethyl)-2,4-dihydroxy-5-oxo-3-(2-oxoethyl)-2,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-3-ium	experimental			
DB01798	Ethyl Dihydrogen Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01799	4-Hydroxy-3-Methyl Butyl Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01800	4-Nitrocatechol sulfate	experimental			
DB01802	(4R)-7-Aza-7,8-dihydrolimonene	experimental			
DB01803	2-(Trimethylammonium)Ethyl Thiol	experimental			
DB01804	2-Ammoniobut-3-Enoate, 2-Amino-3-Butenoate	experimental			
DB01805	Monoisopropylphosphorylserine	experimental			
DB01806	10-decarboxymethylaclacinomycin A	experimental			
DB01807	N-[(3Z)-5-Tert-butyl-2-phenyl-1,2-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-ylidene]-N'-(4-chlorophenyl)urea	experimental			
DB01808	Thiarsahydroxy-Cysteine	experimental			
DB01809	1-Ter-Butyl-3-P-Tolyl-1h-Pyrazolo[3,4-D]Pyrimidin-4-Ylamine	experimental			
DB01810	[1-(1-Methyl-4,5-Dioxo-Pent-2-Enylcarbamoyl)-2-Phenyl-Ethyl]-Carbamic Acid Benzyl Ester	experimental			
DB01811	3h-Indole-5,6-Diol	experimental			
DB01812	Adenosine 3',5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB01813	Pyridoxyl-Glutamic Acid-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB01814	2-Tridecanoyloxy-Pentadecanoic Acid	experimental			
DB01815	Nz-(Dicarboxymethyl)Lysine	experimental			
DB01816	Castanospermine	experimental			
DB01817	Threonine-Aspartic Ester	experimental			
DB01818	O3-Sulfonylgalactose	experimental			
DB01819	Phosphoenolpyruvate	experimental		Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1A (GSD1A) or Von Gierke Disease,Fructose-1,6-diphosphatase Deficiency,Triosephosphate Isomerase,Fanconi-Bickel Syndrome,Warburg Effect,Glycolysis,Amino Sugar Metabolism,Glycogenosis, Type VII. Tarui Disease,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Deficiency 1 (PEPCK1),Glycogenosis, Type IB,Pyruvate Metabolism,Gluconeogenesis,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Tay-Sachs Disease,Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2,Glycogenosis, Type IC,Glycogenosis, Type IA. Von Gierke Disease	
DB01820	2-{[4-(2-Acetylamino-2-pentylcarbamoyl-ethyl)-naphthalen-1-YL]-oxalyl-amino}-benzoic acid	experimental			
DB01821	L-N(omega)-Nitroarginine-2,4-L-diaminobutyric amide	experimental			
DB01822	(4R,5R)-1,2-dithiane-4,5-diol	experimental		Vitamin K Metabolism	
DB01823	Beta-D-Glucopyranose Spirohydantoin	experimental			
DB01824	(3S)-Tetrahydro-3-furanyl {(2S,3S)-4-[(2S,4R)-4-{(1S,2R)-2-[(S)-amino(hydroxy)methoxy]-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl}-2-benzyl-3-oxo-2-pyrrolidinyl]-3-hydroxy-1-phenyl-2-butanyl}carbamate	experimental			
DB01825	2-amino-8-methyl-4(1H)-quinazolinone	experimental			
DB01826	N-Butyl Isocyanide	experimental			
DB01827	2,3,5,6-Tetrafluoro-4-Methoxy-Benzamide	experimental			
DB01828	Methylamine	experimental		Citalopram Metabolism Pathway,Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type I,Citalopram Action Pathway,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB01829	Desulfo-coenzyme A	experimental			
DB01830	AP-22408	experimental			
DB01831	Tryptophanyl-5'amp	experimental			
DB01832	4-[Hydroxy-[Methyl-Phosphinoyl]]-3-Oxo-Butanoic Acid	experimental			
DB01833	Canavanine	experimental			
DB01834	(9R,10R)-9-(S-glutathionyl)-10-hydroxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene	experimental			
DB01835	4R-Fluoro-N6-ethanimidoyl-L-lysine	experimental			
DB01836	[4-(6-Chloro-Naphthalene-2-Sulfonyl)-Piperazin-1-Yl]-(3,4,5,6-Tetrahydro-2h-[1,4']Bipyridinyl-4-Yl)-Methanone	experimental			
DB01837	O-acetyl-L-serine	experimental			
DB01838	6,4'-Dihydroxy-3-Methyl-3',5'-Dibromoflavone	experimental			
DB01839	Propylene glycol	approved,investigational	A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.	Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB01840	2-Deoxy-D-Glucitol 6-(E)-Vinylhomophosphonate	experimental			
DB01841	4,6-Dideoxyglucose	experimental			
DB01842	3'-Phosphate-Adenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01843	(5S,7R,8S,9S,10R)-3-Amino-8,9,10-trihydroxy-7-(hydroxymethyl)-6-oxa-1,3-diazaspiro[4.5]decane-2,4-dione	experimental			
DB01844	N,N-dimethylformamide	experimental			
DB01846	Oxidized coenzyme A	experimental			
DB01847	N-Carbamyl-D-Valine	experimental			
DB01849	Dihydrouracil	experimental		Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Alanine Metabolism,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),GABA-Transaminase Deficiency,Ureidopropionase Deficiency	
DB01850	(2S,3S,8S,9S)-3-amino-9-methoxy-2,6,8-trimethyl-10-phenyldeca-4,6-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB01851	Tetrabutylammonium Ion	experimental			
DB01852	Kaempherol	experimental			
DB01853	Bacteriochlorophyll A	experimental	A specific bacteriochlorophyll that is similar in structure to CHLOROPHYLL A.		
DB01854	5-Bromonicotinamide	experimental			
DB01855	5-(Hydroxy-Methyl-Amino)-3-Methyl-Pyrrolidine-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB01856	Pimelic Acid	experimental	A group of compounds that are derivatives of heptanedioic acid with the general formula R-C7H11O4. [PubChem]		
DB01857	Phosphoaspartate	experimental			
DB01858	[1-(4-Fluorobenzyl)Cyclobutyl]Methyl (1s)-1-[Oxo(1h-Pyrazol-5-Ylamino)Acetyl]Pentylcarbamate	experimental			
DB01859	4-CDP-2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 2-phosphate	experimental			
DB01860	Cordycepin Triphosphate	experimental			
DB01861	Uridine diphosphate glucose	experimental	A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids.	Galactose Metabolism,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Globoid Cell Leukodystrophy,Lactose Synthesis,Glycogen Synthetase Deficiency,Glycogenosis, Type III. Cori Disease, Debrancher Glycogenosis,Galactosemia,Metachromatic Leukodystrophy (MLD),Galactosemia II (GALK),Mucopolysaccharidosis VI. Sly Syndrome,Sucrase-Isomaltase Deficiency,GLUT-1 Deficiency Syndrome,Nucleotide Sugars Metabolism,Sphingolipid Metabolism,Gaucher Disease,Galactosemia III,Fabry Disease,Krabbe Disease,Glycogenosis, Type IV. Amylopectinosis, Anderson Disease,Glycogenosis, Type VI. Hers Disease,Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId	
DB01862	Isopropyl beta-D-thiogalactopyranoside	experimental	A non-metabolizable galactose analog that induces expression of the LAC operon.		
DB01863	Inositol 1,3,4,5-Tetrakisphosphate	experimental			
DB01864	5'-Guanosine-Diphosphate-Monothiophosphate	experimental	Guanosine 5&#39;-(trihydrogen diphosphate), monoanhydride with phosphorothioic acid. A stable GTP analog which enjoys a variety of physiological actions such as stimulation of guanine nucleotide-binding proteins, phosphoinositide hydrolysis, cyclic AMP accumulation, and activation of specific proto-oncogenes.		
DB01865	3-(6-Aminopyridin-3-Yl)-N-Methyl-N-[(1-Methyl-1h-Indol-2-Yl)Methyl]Acrylamide	experimental			
DB01866	RU79256	experimental			
DB01868	Glycyl-L-a-Aminopimelyl-E-(D-2-Aminoethyl)Phosphonate	experimental			
DB01870	1,4-dithio-alpha-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB01871	[1-(1-Benzyl-3-Hydroxy-2-Oxo-Propylcarbamoyl)-2-Phenyl-Ethyl]-Carbamic Acid Benzyl Ester	experimental			
DB01872	2-deoxy-2-acetamido-beta-D-galactose-4-sulfate	experimental			
DB01873	Epothilone D	investigational			
DB01874	Tropinone	experimental			
DB01875	8-azaxanthine	experimental			
DB01876	Bis(5-Amidino-2-Benzimidazolyl)Methanone	experimental			
DB01877	N-Hydroxy 1n(4-Methoxyphenyl)Sulfonyl-4-(Z,E-N-Methoxyimino)Pyrrolidine-2r-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB01878	Benzophenone	experimental	Benzophenone is the organic compound. Substituted benzophenones such as oxybenzone and dioxybenzone are used in sunscreen.		
DB01879	(S)-2-{Methyl-[2-(Naphthalene-2-Sulfonylamino)-5-(Naphthalene-2-Sulfonyloxy)-Benzoyl]-Amino}-Succinicacid	experimental			
DB01880	3,4-Dihydroxycinnamic Acid	experimental,investigational			
DB01881	2-Methylpentane-1,2,4-Triol	experimental			
DB01882	(2s)-2-Amino-4-(Methylsulfanyl)-1-Pyridin-2-Ylbutane-1,1-Diol	experimental			
DB01883	N-(Sulfanylacetyl)Tyrosylprolylmethioninamide	experimental			
DB01884	2-Amino-3-Methyl-1-Pyrrolidin-1-Yl-Butan-1-One	experimental			
DB01885	D-Galctopyranosyl-1-On	experimental			
DB01887	N,N-[2,5-O-Dibenzyl-glucaryl]-DI-[1-amino-indan-2-OL]	experimental			
DB01888	4-[5-(Trans-4-Aminocyclohexylamino)-3-Isopropylpyrazolo[1,5-a]Pyrimidin-7-Ylamino]-N,N-Dimethylbenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB01889	16,17-Androstene-3-Ol	experimental			
DB01890	N,N-Bis(3-(D-gluconamido)propyl)deoxycholamide	experimental			
DB01891	Tl-3-093	experimental			
DB01892	Hyperforin	nutraceutical	Hyperforin is a phytochemical generated by the plants of the Hypericum family. One of the most important members of this family, due to its medical properties, is _Hypericum perforatum_, also known as St John's wort.		
DB01893	N6-Benzyl Adenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB01895	Aspartyl-Adenosine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB01896	M-Aminophenylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB01897	2-(2f-Benzothiazolyl)-5-Styryl-3-(4f-Phthalhydrazidyl)Tetrazolium Chloride	experimental			
DB01898	(2S,3S)-2-azanyl-3-methyl-pentanedioic acid	experimental			
DB01899	Nd1-Phosphonohistidine	experimental			
DB01901	Sucrosofate	experimental			
DB01902	1-Ethyl-Pyrrolidine-2,5-Dione	experimental			
DB01903	5-Bromo-2'-deoxyuridine 5'-(dihydrogen phosphate)	experimental			
DB01905	2-(2-Hydroxy-5-Methoxy-Phenyl)-1h-Benzoimidazole-5-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB01906	3-(5-amino-7-hydroxy-(1,2,3)triazolo(4,5-d)pyrimidin-2-yl)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB01908	RU85493	experimental			
DB01909	Alpha-Cyclodextrin (Cyclohexa-Amylose)	experimental			
DB01910	Sinefungin	experimental	Sinefungin is a solid. This compound belongs to the purine nucleosides and analogues. These are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a sugar. The proteins that adenosyl-ornithine target include RdmB, modification methylase TaqI, rRNA (adenine-N6-)-methyltransferase, and modification methylase RsrI.		
DB01911	N-Methylmesoporphyrin	experimental	N-methylmesoporphyrin is a solid. This compound belongs to the porphyrins. These are compounds containing a fundamental skeleton of four pyrrole nuclei united through the alpha-positions by four methine groups to form a macrocyclic structure. This medication is known to target ferrochelatase.		
DB01912	2,2':6',2''-Terpyridine Platinum(Ii)	experimental	2,2':6',2''-terpyridine Platinum(Ii) is a solid. Known drug targets of 2,2':6',2''-Terpyridine Platinum(Ii) include truncated transposase and autolysin.		
DB01914	D-glucose	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Glucose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) generated during phosynthesis involving water, carbon and sunlight in plants. It is produced in humans via hepatic gluconeogenesis and breakdown of polymeric glucose forms (glycogenolysis). It circulates in human circulation as blood glucose and acts as an essential energy source for many organisms through aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation.[A19399] It is primarily stored as starch in plants and glycogen in animals to be used in various metabolic processes in the cellular level. Its aldohexose stereoisomer, dextrose or D-glucose, is the most commonly occurring isomer of glucose in nature. L-glucose is a synthesized enantiomer that is used as a low-calorie sweetener and laxative.[T28] The unspecified form of glucose is commonly supplied as an injection for nutritional supplementation or metabolic disorders where glucose levels are improperly regulated.[L786] Glucose is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.		
DB01915	S-Hydroxycysteine	experimental	S-hydroxycysteine is a solid. This compound belongs to the alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. It targets the proteins subtilisin BPN', glutathione S-transferase A1, glutathione S-transferase p, myelin P2 protein, and complement c3.		
DB01917	Putrescine	experimental	Putrescine is a toxic diamine formed by putrefaction from the decarboxylation of arginine and ornithine. Putrescine is a solid. This compound belongs to the polyamines. These are compounds containing more than one amine group. Known drug targets of putrescine include putrescine-binding periplasmic protein, ornithine decarboxylase, and S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase proenzyme.	Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type	
DB01918	[Methyltelluro]Acetate	experimental	[methyltelluro]acetate is a solid. This compound belongs to the organic oxoanionic compounds. These are organic compounds containing an oxoanion. This medication targets the protein monomeric sarcosine oxidase.		
DB01919	Pentanal	experimental	Pentanal is a solid. This compound belongs to the polyamines. These are compounds containing more than one amine group. This drug targets the protein cAMP-dependent protein kinase catalytic subunit alpha.		
DB01920	1-O-[O-Nitrophenyl]-Beta-D-Galactopyranose	experimental	Includes ortho-, meta-, and para-nitrophenylgalactosides. [PubChem]		
DB01921	Xylose-derived lactam oxime	experimental			
DB01922	Maltosyl-Alpha (1,4)-D-Gluconhydroximo-1,5-Lactam	experimental			
DB01923	L-Xylulose 5-Phosphate	experimental			
DB01924	Benzhydroxamic Acid	experimental			
DB01925	2'-Chloro-Biphenyl-2,3-Diol	experimental			
DB01926	Carboxymycobactin S	experimental			
DB01927	Duroquinone	experimental			
DB01929	5-Chloryl-2,4,6-quinazolinetriamine	experimental			
DB01930	2,4-Dihydroxy-3,3-Dimethyl-Butyrate	experimental			
DB01931	5,7-Dichlorokynurenic acid	experimental			
DB01932	5-Methylpyrrole	experimental			
DB01933	7-Hydroxystaurosporine	experimental,investigational			
DB01934	Arylomycin A2	experimental			
DB01935	3-{[(1r)-1-Benzyl-2-Sulfanylethyl]Amino}-3-Oxopropanoic Acid	experimental			
DB01936	alpha-D-arabinofuranose	experimental,investigational			
DB01937	Guanosine-2'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB01938	L-Histidine Beta Naphthylamide	experimental			
DB01939	5-Amidino-Benzimidazole	experimental			
DB01940	Balanol Analog 2	experimental			
DB01941	LG-100268	experimental	LG-100268 is a retinoid X receptor (RXR) selective compound.		
DB01942	Formic acid	experimental,investigational	Formic acid (systematically called methanoic acid) is the simplest carboxylic acid. It is an important intermediate in chemical synthesis and occurs naturally, most famously in the venom of bee and ant stings. It is commonly used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed.	Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Hyperphenylalaniemia Due to Guanosine Triphosphate Cyclohydrolase Deficiency,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to 6-Pyruvoyltetrahydropterin Synthase Deficiency (ptps),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Folate Metabolism,Tryptophan Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),DOPA-Responsive Dystonia,Mevalonic Aciduria,Aromatase Deficiency,Pterine Biosynthesis,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Desmosterolosis	
DB01944	(S)-blebbistatin	experimental			
DB01945	4-Carbamoyl-1-Beta-D-Ribofuranosyl-Imidazolium-5-Olate-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB01946	Bisindolylmaleimide VIII	experimental			
DB01947	RU78262	experimental			
DB01948	1-(2,6-Dichlorophenyl)-5-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-7-Piperidin-4-Yl-3,4-Dihydroquinolin-2(1h)-One	experimental			
DB01949	2-Amino-N,3,3-Trimethylbutanamide	experimental			
DB01950	AR-AO-14418	experimental			
DB01951	Gpi-1046	experimental			
DB01952	1,N6-Ethenoadenine	experimental			
DB01953	Inhibitor of P38 Kinase	experimental	Inhibitor of P38 Kinase is a solid. This compound belongs to the indoles. These are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2,3-benzopyrrole. This drug is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 14.		
DB01954	Rolipram	investigational	A phosphodiesterase inhibitor with antidepressant properties.		
DB01955	1,4-Butanediol	experimental			
DB01956	Taurine	approved,nutraceutical	Taurine, whose chemical name is 2-aminoethanesulfonic acid, is one of the most abundant amino acids in several organs. It plays important role in essential biological processes.[A31396] This conditional amino acid can be either be manufactured by the body or obtained in the diet mainly by the consumption of fish and meat.[L1058] The supplements containing taurine were FDA approved by 1984 and they are hypertonic injections composed by cristalline amino acids.[FDA label]	Zellweger Syndrome,Taurine and Hypotaurine Metabolism,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III	
DB01957	3-Chlorophenol	experimental			
DB01958	5-[4-Tert-Butylphenylsulfanyl]-2,4-Quinazolinediamine	experimental			
DB01959	3,5-Dimethyl-1-(3-Nitrophenyl)-1h-Pyrazole-4-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB01960	7-methyl-7,8-dihydroguanosine-5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB01961	Cytidine 3'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB01962	Phosphonotyrosine	experimental	An amino acid that occurs in endogenous proteins. Tyrosine phosphorylation and dephosphorylation plays a role in cellular signal transduction and possibly in cell growth control and carcinogenesis. [PubChem]		
DB01963	Phenylethane Boronic Acid	experimental			
DB01964	AL5424	experimental			
DB01965	2'-Deoxyuridine 5'-alpha,beta-imido-triphosphate	experimental			
DB01966	Di-Stearoyl-3-Sn-Phosphatidylethanolamine	experimental			
DB01967	N-{3-[(7ar,12as,12bs)-7-Oxo-1,3,4,6,7,7a,12a,12b-Octahydroindolo[2,3-a]Quinolizin-12(2h)-Yl]Propyl}Propane-2-Sulfonamide	experimental			
DB01968	2-Thioethenamine	experimental			
DB01969	Trifluoroacetonyl coenzyme A	experimental			
DB01970	Hg9a-9, Nonanoyl-N-Hydroxyethylglucamide	experimental			
DB01971	trans-urocanic acid	experimental		Ammonia Recycling,Histidine Metabolism,Histidinemia	
DB01972	Guanosine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental	Guanosine 5&#39;-monophosphate. A guanine nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the sugar moiety and found widely in nature. [PubChem]	Purine Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Homocarnosinosis,Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency	
DB01973	O-Benzylsulfonyl-Serine	experimental			
DB01974	2-Amino-3-[5-(Amino-Carboxy-Methyl)-2,3-Dihydro-Isoxazol-3-Ylsulfanyl]-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB01975	AMPCPR	experimental			
DB01976	Aminoanthracene	experimental			
DB01977	6-(N-Phenylcarbamyl)-2-Naphthalenecarboxamidine	experimental			
DB01978	7,9-Dimethylguanine	experimental			
DB01979	Methyl alpha-D-mannoside	experimental			
DB01980	Para-Iodo-D-Phenylalanine Hydroxamic Acid	experimental			
DB01981	3,6-Anhydro-2-(hydrogen sulfate)-alpha-D-galactopyranose	experimental			
DB01982	D-Mannuronic Acid	experimental			
DB01983	2(S)-Amino-6-Boronohexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB01984	(4S)-5-[[(1S)-1-Carboxy-2-cyclohexylethyl]amino]-4-[[(2S)-2-[[(3R)-4-cyclohexyl-2-oxo-3-(phenylmethoxycarbonylamino)butanoyl]amino]-5-(diaminomethylideneamino)pentanoyl]amino]-5-oxopentanoic acid	experimental			
DB01985	N-acetyl-L-arginine	experimental			
DB01986	3-Fluoro-2-Methyl-Aniline	experimental			
DB01987	Cocarboxylase	approved,experimental	The coenzyme form of Vitamin B1 present in many animal tissues. It is a required intermediate in the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex and the ketoglutarate dehydrogenase complex.		
DB01988	6((S)-3-Benzylpiperazin-1-Yl)-3-(Naphthalen-2-Yl)-4-(Pyridin-4-Yl)Pyrazine	experimental			
DB01989	Methyl N-{[(1R)-1-({1-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-prolyl-6-ammonio-L-norleucyl}amino)-2-phenylethyl](hydroxy)phosphoryl}-L-alanyl-L-prolinate	experimental			
DB01990	Cholesterol sulfate	experimental	Component of human seminal plasma & spermatozoa.		
DB01991	TU-514	experimental			
DB01992	Coenzyme A	investigational,nutraceutical	Coenzyme A (CoA, CoASH, or HSCoA) is a coenzyme, well known for it's role in the synthesis and oxidation of fatty acids, and the oxidation of pyruvate in the citric acid cycle. All genomes sequenced to date encode enzymes that use coenzyme A as a substrate, and around 4% of cellular enzymes use it, or a thioester form of it, as a substrate. It is used as a supplement for the hypothetical treatment of acne.		
DB01993	N-(5'-Phosphopyridoxyl)-D-Alanine	experimental			
DB01994	2-(Pyrido[1,2-E]Purin-4-Yl)Amino-Ethanol	experimental			
DB01995	5-methylcytidine 5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB01996	3-Methylpyridine	experimental			
DB01997	3-Bromo-7-Nitroindazole	experimental			
DB01998	2-[3,4-Dihydroxy-2-Hydroxymethyl-5-(2-Hydroxy-Nonyl)-Tetrahydro-Furan-2-Yloxy]-6-Hydroxymethyl-Tetra Hydro-Pyran-3,4,5-Triol	experimental			
DB01999	5,10,15,20-Tetrakis(4-Sulpfonatophenyl)-21h,23h-Porphine	experimental			
DB02001	5-(4-Morpholin-4-Yl-Phenylsulfanyl)-2,4-Quinazolinediamine	experimental			
DB02002	2-Aminoprop-2-Enamide	experimental			
DB02004	5-(Aminomethyl)-6-(2,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-(3,5-Dimethoxyphenyl)Pyrimidin-4-Amine	experimental			
DB02005	2-Oxo-3-Pentenoic Acid	experimental			
DB02006	Br-Coeleneterazine	experimental			
DB02007	alpha-D-glucose 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB02008	1-(2-Fluorobenzyl)-3-Butyl-8-(N-Acetyl-4-Aminobenzyl)-Xanthine	experimental			
DB02009	L-756423	experimental			
DB02010	Staurosporine	experimental	An indolocarbazole that is a potent protein kinase C inhibitor which enhances cAMP-mediated responses in human neuroblastoma cells. (Biochem Biophys Res Commun 1995;214(3):1114-20)		
DB02011	N-(Phosphonoacetyl)-L-Ornithine	experimental			
DB02013	Iron azide hydrate	experimental			
DB02014	5-(2-Fluoro-5-{(1E)-3-[3-hydroxy-2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenoxy]-1-propen-1-yl}phenyl)-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02015	Dihydrofolic Acid	experimental			
DB02016	R048-8071	experimental			
DB02017	Imidazole-Derived Cellobiose	experimental			
DB02018	Amido Phenyl Pyruvic Acid	experimental			
DB02019	Acetyl Dithranol	experimental			
DB02020	Alrestatin	experimental			
DB02021	Fidarestat	experimental			
DB02022	4-Amino-5-Hydroxymethyl-2-Methylpyrimidine	experimental			
DB02023	8-oxo-dGMP	experimental			
DB02024	3-phenylpropionic acid	experimental			
DB02025	ACV tripeptide	experimental			
DB02026	Furo[2,3d]Pyrimidine Antifolate	experimental			
DB02027	N-{(4S)-4-Amino-5-[(2-aminoethyl)amino]pentyl}-N'-nitroguanidine	experimental			
DB02028	(1R,2R,3S,4R,6S)-3,4,6-Trihydroxy-5-{[(S)-hydroxy(3-hydroxy-2-oxopropoxy)phosphoryl]oxy}-1,2-cyclohexanediyl bis[dihydrogen (phosphate)]	experimental			
DB02029	N-Cyclohexyl-N'-(4-Iodophenyl)Urea	experimental			
DB02030	Alpha-Ribazole-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02031	(6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid	experimental			
DB02032	Epicaptopril	experimental			
DB02033	N-(3-Cyclopropyl(5,6,7,8,9,10-Hexahydro-2-Oxo-2h-Cycloocta[B]Pyran-3-Yl)Methyl)Phenylbenzensulfonamide	experimental			
DB02034	Tridolgosir	experimental	An indolizidine alkaloid from the plant Swainsona canescens that is a potent alpha-mannosidase inhibitor. Swainsonine also exhibits antimetastatic, antiproliferative, and immunomodulatory activity.		
DB02035	Hexadecanesulfonyl fluoride	experimental			
DB02036	2-(3,4-Dihydro-3-Oxo-2h-Benzo[B][1,4]Thiazin-2-Yl)-N-Hydroxyacetamide	experimental			
DB02037	2,5-Diaminopyrimidin-4,6-diol	experimental			
DB02038	D-[3-hydroxy-2-methyl-5-phosphonooxymethyl-pyridin-4-ylmethyl]-N,O-cycloserylamide	experimental			
DB02039	S-Acetyl-Cysteine	experimental			
DB02041	Isoluminol	experimental			
DB02042	2-(2-{2-[2-(2-Methoxy-Ethoxy)-Ethoxy]-Ethoxy}-Ethoxy)-Ethanol	experimental			
DB02043	1,2-Dipalmitoyl-Phosphatidyl-Glycerole	experimental			
DB02044	N-[3-(aminomethyl)benzyl]acetamidine	experimental			
DB02045	Amylamine	experimental			
DB02046	N-[(Furan-2-Yl)Carbonyl]-(S)-Leucyl-(R)-[1-Amino-2(1h-Indol-3-Yl)Ethyl]-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB02047	(+)-2-(4-biphenyl)propionic acid	experimental			
DB02048	1,2,4-Triazole-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB02049	2-{4-[4-(4-Chloro-Phenoxy)-Benzenesulfonyl]-Tetrahydro-Pyran-4-Yl}-N-Hydroxy-Acetamide	experimental			
DB02051	4-Nitrophenyl (3S)-3-({N-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-phenylalanyl}amino)-5-phenyl-1-pentanesulfonate	experimental			
DB02052	Indirubin-3'-monoxime	experimental			
DB02053	Ribose-5-phosphate	experimental			
DB02054	Gabaculine	experimental			
DB02055	N-Butyl-Benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB02056	Prostaglandin D2	investigational	The principal cyclooxygenase metabolite of arachidonic acid. It is released upon activation of mast cells and is also synthesized by alveolar macrophages. Among its many biological actions, the most important are its bronchoconstrictor, platelet-activating-factor-inhibitory, and cytotoxic effects.	Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,Antipyrine Action Pathway,Flurbiprofen Action Pathway,Nepafenac Action Pathway,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway,Diflunisal Action Pathway,Leukotriene C4 Synthesis Deficiency,Antrafenine Action Pathway,Fenoprofen Action Pathway,Magnesium Salicylate Action Pathway,Lornoxicam Action Pathway,Trisalicylate-Choline Action Pathway,Tolmetin Action Pathway,Tiaprofenic Acid Action Pathway,Tenoxicam Action Pathway,Salicylic Acid Action Pathway,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway	
DB02057	(S)-AMPA	experimental	AMPA is a specific agonist for the AMPA receptor.		
DB02058	3-[4-(1-formylpiperazin-4-yl)-benzylidenyl]-2-indolinone	experimental			
DB02059	Adenosine-5-Diphosphoribose	experimental			
DB02060	Cyclohexanone	experimental	Cyclohexanone (also known as oxocyclohexane, pimelic ketone, ketohexamethylene, cyclohexyl ketone or ketocyclohexane) is a six-carbon cyclic molecule with a ketone functional group. It is a colorless, oily liquid with an acetone-like smell.		
DB02061	Cellobiose	experimental	A disaccharide consisting of two glucose units in beta (1-4) glycosidic linkage. Obtained from the partial hydrolysis of cellulose. [PubChem]		
DB02062	N-[3-[(1-Aminoethyl)(Hydroxy)Phosphoryl]-2-(1,1'-Biphenyl-4-Ylmethyl)Propanoyl]Alanine	experimental			
DB02063	CRA_16847	experimental			
DB02065	4-Deoxylactose	experimental			
DB02066	N7-Methyl-Formycin A	experimental			
DB02067	Triglu-5-formyl-tetrahydrofolate	experimental			
DB02068	Delta-Amino Valeric Acid	experimental			
DB02069	N-(2-Flouro-Benzyl)-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02070	Kynurenine	experimental		Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB02071	WAY-151693	experimental			
DB02072	2-(Oxalyl-Amino)-4,7-Dihydro-5h-Thieno[2,3-C]Thiopyran-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02073	Biliverdine IX Alpha	experimental			
DB02074	Butenoic Acid	experimental		Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB02075	[(2R,3R,4S,5S)-3,4-Dihydroxy-5-(4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)-2-pyrrolidinyl]methyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB02076	6-phospho-D-gluconic acid	experimental			
DB02077	L-N(omega)-nitroarginine-(4R)-amino-L-proline amide	experimental			
DB02078	Triglyme	experimental	Triethylene glycol dimethyl ether (also called triglyme) is a glycol ether used as a solvent.		
DB02079	Aminooxyacetic acid	experimental	A compound that inhibits aminobutyrate aminotransferase activity in vivo, thereby raising the level of gamma-aminobutyric acid in tissues. [PubChem]		
DB02080	1-{2-[2-(2-Methoxyethoxy)Ethoxy]Ethoxy}-4-(1,1,3,3-Tetramethylbutyl)Benzene	experimental			
DB02081	Bis-Benzamidine	experimental			
DB02082	Phosphoaminophosphonic acid guanylate ester	experimental	A non-hydrolyzable analog of GTP, in which the oxygen atom bridging the beta to the gamma phosphate is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It binds tightly to G-protein in the presence of Mg2+. The nucleotide is a potent stimulator of adenylate cyclase.		
DB02083	N,N-dimethylglycine	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Betaine Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB02084	CRA_17312	experimental			
DB02085	1-Aminocyclopropanecarboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02086	(3,4-Dihydroxy-Phenyl)-Triphenyl-Arsonium	experimental			
DB02087	3,5-Difluorobenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB02088	Norleucine Phosphonate	experimental			
DB02089	CP-526423	experimental			
DB02090	A Disubstituted Succinyl Caprolactam Hydroxymate Mmp3inhibitor	experimental			
DB02091	4-(2,4-Dimethyl-Thiazol-5-Yl)-Pyrimidin-2-Ylamine	experimental			
DB02092	Cholesteryl Linoleate	experimental			
DB02093	5-phospho-D-arabinohydroxamic acid	experimental			
DB02094	N-2-Thiophen-2-Yl-Acetamide Boronic Acid	experimental			
DB02095	Isatin	experimental	Isatin is an indole derivative first obtained by Erdman and Laurent in 1841 as an oxidation product of Indigo dye with nitric acid and chromic acids. The compound is found in many plants and Schiff bases of Isatin are have been investigated for pharmaceutical applications.		
DB02096	FR221647	experimental			
DB02097	Cytidine	experimental			
DB02098	Adenosine-2'-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02099	S-azabisabolene	experimental			
DB02100	Methyl alpha-galactoside	experimental			
DB02101	(S,R)-fidarestat	experimental			
DB02102	Mozenavir	experimental			
DB02103	2-Chlorodideoxyadenosine	experimental			
DB02104	2,4-Diamino-5-Methyl-6-[(3,4,5-Trimethoxy-N-Methylanilino)Methyl]Pyrido[2,3-D]Pyrimidine	experimental			
DB02105	3,5-Dinitrocatechol	experimental			
DB02106	[3,5-Dibromo-4-(4-Hydroxy-3-Phenethylcarbamoyl-Phenoxy)-Phenyl]-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB02107	Leucine - Reduced Carbonyl	experimental			
DB02108	2-Aminoethanimidic Acid	experimental			
DB02109	Hadacidin	experimental			
DB02110	Protoporphyrin Ix Containing Co	experimental			
DB02111	3-hydroxyisoxazole-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02112	Zk-806450	experimental			
DB02113	6-Methylpurine	experimental			
DB02114	Cumidine	experimental			
DB02115	Daidzin	experimental			
DB02116	Olomoucine	experimental			
DB02118	CP-271485	experimental			
DB02119	6-Hydroxymethyl-7,8-Dihydropterin	experimental			
DB02120	6-Amino-4-Hydroxymethyl-Cyclohex-4-Ene-1,2,3-Triol	experimental			
DB02121	Butyramide	experimental			
DB02122	4-iodo-acetamido phenylboronic acid	experimental			
DB02123	Glycochenodeoxycholic Acid	experimental	A bile salt formed in the liver from chenodeoxycholate and glycine, usually as the sodium salt. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is a cholagogue and choleretic. [PubChem]		
DB02124	(2s,3s)-Trans-2,3-Dihydro-3-Hydroxyanthranilic Acid	experimental			
DB02125	Adamantanone	experimental			
DB02126	4-Carboxycinnamic Acid	experimental			
DB02127	Diisopropyl methylphosphonate	experimental			
DB02128	[1-(3-hydroxy-2-oxo-1-phenethyl-propylcarbamoyl)2-phenyl-ethyl]-carbamic acid pyridin-4-ylmethyl ester	experimental			
DB02129	Dihydroorotic Acid	experimental		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB02130	Vanillic acid	experimental	A flavoring agent. It is the intermediate product in the two-step bioconversion of ferulic acid to vanillin. (J Biotechnol 1996;50(2-3):107-13).		
DB02131	N-1-methylheptylformamide	experimental			
DB02132	Zenarestat	experimental			
DB02133	Chlorophyll A	experimental			
DB02134	Xanthine	experimental	A purine base found in most body tissues and fluids, certain plants, and some urinary calculi. It is an intermediate in the degradation of adenosine monophosphate to uric acid, being formed by oxidation of hypoxanthine. The methylated xanthine compounds caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline and their derivatives are used in medicine for their bronchodilator effects. (Dorland, 28th ed)	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB02135	1-deoxy-1-{2,6,8-trioxo-7-[4-(phosphonooxy)butyl]-1,2,3,6,7,8-hexahydro-9H-purin-9-yl}-D-arabinitol	experimental			
DB02136	Cephalosporin analog	experimental			
DB02137	Molybdenum cofactor	experimental	Absence of molybdenum cofactor leads to accumulation of toxic levels of sulphite and neurological damage usually leading to death within months of birth, due to the lack of active sulfite oxidase.		
DB02138	Diethyl 4-Methylbenzylphosphonate	experimental			
DB02139	(2e)-N-Allyl-4-{[3-(4-Bromophenyl)-5-Fluoro-1-Methyl-1h-Indazol-6-Yl]Oxy}-N-Methyl-2-Buten-1-Amine	experimental			
DB02140	N1-(1-Dimethylcarbamoyl-2-Phenyl-Ethyl)-2-Oxo-N4-(2-Pyridin-2-Yl-Ethyl)-Succinamide	experimental			
DB02141	S,S'-(1,4-Phenylene-Bis(1,2-Ethanediyl))Bis-Isothiourea	experimental			
DB02142	Pyridoxamine-5'-Phosphate	experimental		Vitamin B6 Metabolism,Hypophosphatasia	
DB02143	1-hydroxy-2-isopropylguanidine	experimental			
DB02144	1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoinositol	experimental			
DB02145	Butyl alcohol	experimental			
DB02146	Glutathione S-atrazine	experimental			
DB02147	Cyclo-Tetrametavanadate	experimental			
DB02148	3-Amino-4-Oxybenzyl-2-Butanone	experimental			
DB02151	Methionine Phosphonate	experimental			
DB02152	K-252a	experimental			
DB02153	3-sulfino-L-alanine	experimental			
DB02154	2,3-Bis-Benzo[1,3]Dioxol-5-Ylmethyl-Succinic Acid	experimental			
DB02155	3-[(3-sec-butyl-4-hydroxybenzoyl)amino]azepan-4-yl 4-(2-hydroxy-5-methoxybenzoyl)benzoate	experimental			
DB02156	Sulfopyruvate	experimental			
DB02158	(2S,3S,4R,5S)-2-(4-Amino-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)-5-[(methylsulfanyl)methyl]-3,4-pyrrolidinediol	experimental			
DB02159	(R)-Propylene glycol	experimental	A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.		
DB02160	S-Butyryl-Cystein	experimental			
DB02161	Hydroxy-Phenyl-Acetic Acid 8-Methyl-8-Aza-Bicyclo[3.2.1]Oct-3-Yl Ester	experimental			
DB02162	5'-O-(N-Ethyl-Sulfamoyl)Adenosine	experimental			
DB02163	2,5-Xylidine	experimental			
DB02164	N-sulfo-flavin mononucleotide	experimental			
DB02165	Zinc trihydroxide	experimental			
DB02166	Propidium	experimental	Quaternary ammonium analog of ethidium; an intercalating dye with a specific affinity to certain forms of DNA and, used as diiodide, to separate them in density gradients; also forms fluorescent complexes with cholinesterase which it inhibits. [PubChem]		
DB02167	N,N-Dimethyl-L-Alanine	experimental			
DB02168	6-bromopurine	experimental			
DB02169	9,10-Deepithio-9,10-Didehydroacanthifolicin	experimental	A specific inhibitor of phosphoserine/threonine protein phosphatase 1 and 2a. It is also a potent tumor promoter. (Thromb Res 1992;67(4):345-54 & Cancer Res 1993;53(2):239-41)		
DB02170	1,8-Di-Hydroxy-4-Nitro-Xanthen-9-One	experimental			
DB02172	2,5-Dideoxy-2,5-Imino-D-Glucitol	experimental			
DB02173	Co(III)-(Deuteroporphyrin IX)	experimental			
DB02174	D-Glutamine	experimental	A non-essential amino acid present abundantly throughout the body and is involved in many metabolic processes. It is synthesized from glutamic acid and ammonia. It is the principal carrier of nitrogen in the body and is an important energy source for many cells.		
DB02175	Malonic acid	experimental		Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB02176	Mercury Acetate Ion	experimental			
DB02177	1-Acetyl-4-(4-{4-[(2-Ethoxyphenyl)Thio]-3-Nitrophenyl}Pyridin-2-Yl)Piperazine	experimental			
DB02178	Phenylacetaldehyde	experimental			
DB02179	O-Trifluoromethylphenyl Anthranilic Acid	experimental			
DB02180	Myristoyl-Coa	experimental			
DB02181	2'-Deoxyguanosine-5'-Triphosphate	experimental			
DB02182	Hybrid Between B and C Type Hemes (Protoporphyrin Ixcontaining Fe)	experimental			
DB02183	Adenosine-5'-ditungstate	experimental			
DB02184	D-1,4-dithiothreitol	experimental	A reagent commonly used in biochemical studies as a protective agent to prevent the oxidation of SH (thiol) groups and for reducing disulphides to dithiols. [PubChem]		
DB02185	2,4-Dihydroxy-7-(Methyloxy)-2h-1,4-Benzoxazin-3(4h)-One	experimental			
DB02186	N-Acetyl-D-Galactosamine 6-Sulfate	experimental			
DB02187	Equilin	experimental	An estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of four double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of equilin is found in the urine of pregnant mares.		
DB02188	N-Methylmesoporphyrin Containing Copper	experimental			
DB02189	2',3'-Dideoxyadenosine triphosphate	experimental		Didanosine Action Pathway	
DB02190	(S)-oxalosuccinic acid	experimental			
DB02191	(7as,12ar,12bs)-1,2,3,4,7a,12,12a,12b-Octahydroindolo[2,3-a]Quinolizin-7(6h)-One	experimental			
DB02192	Phenylethyl alcohol	experimental	An antimicrobial, antiseptic, and disinfectant that is used also as an aromatic essence and preservative in pharmaceutics and perfumery.		
DB02194	8-Benzyl-2-Hydroxy-2-(4-Hydroxy-Benzyl)-6-(4-Hydroxy-Phenyl)-2h-Imidazo[1,2-a]Pyrazin-3-One	experimental			
DB02195	3-(4-Fluorophenyl)-1-Hydroxy-2-(Pyridin-4-Yl)-1h-Pyrrolo[3,2-B]Pyridine	experimental			
DB02196	Uridine-Diphosphate-N-Acetylgalactosamine	experimental			
DB02197	4-[(4-Imidazo[1,2-a]Pyridin-3-Ylpyrimidin-2-Yl)Amino]Benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB02198	2-Bromoacetyl Group	experimental			
DB02199	1,3-Dedimethyl-1,3-Divinyl Heme	experimental			
DB02200	3-[N-[benzyloxycarbonyl]-phenylalaninyl-amino]-5-phenyl-pentane-1-sulfonylmethylbenzene	experimental			
DB02201	Malonate Ion	experimental			
DB02202	(S)-butane-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB02203	Acetone Cyanohydrin	experimental			
DB02205	(+)-Rutamarin alcohol	experimental			
DB02207	7-Nitroindazole	experimental			
DB02209	Pyridoxine phosphate	experimental		Vitamin B6 Metabolism,Hypophosphatasia	
DB02210	Hexane-1,6-Diol	experimental			
DB02211	(R)-N-methyl-N-2-propynyl-1-indanamine	experimental			
DB02213	Metanitrophenyl-Alpha-D-Galactoside	experimental			
DB02214	6,7-dioxo-5H-8-ribitylaminolumazine	experimental			
DB02215	Furoyl-Leucine	experimental			
DB02216	S-Methylcysteine	experimental			
DB02217	Dpb-T	experimental			
DB02218	N-[4-hydroxymethyl-cyclohexan-6-yl-1,2,3-triol]-4,6-dideoxy-4-aminoglucopyranoside	experimental			
DB02219	3-(cyclohexylamino)propanesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB02220	AL7089A	experimental			
DB02221	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(2,4,6-Trifluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02222	2,6-Diamino-(S)-9-[2-(Phosphonomethoxy)Propyl]Purine	experimental			
DB02223	LY231514 tetra glu	experimental			
DB02224	Taxifolin	experimental			
DB02225	1,2-Di-N-Pentanoyl-Sn-Glycero-3-Dithiophosphocholine	experimental			
DB02226	3,8-Diamino-6-Phenyl-5-[6-[1-[2-[(1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-9-Acridinyl)Amino]Ethyl]-1h-1,2,3-Triazol-4-Yl]Hexyl]-Phenanthridinium	experimental			
DB02227	4,5-Dihydroxy-Tetrahydro-Pyran-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02228	2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-D-galactose	experimental			
DB02229	5'-O-[(L-methionyl)-sulphamoyl]adenosine	experimental			
DB02230	Immucillin-G	experimental			
DB02232	1,2-Dihydroxybenzene	experimental		Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB02233	6-hydroxy-D-norleucine	experimental			
DB02234	S-Ethylisothiourea	experimental	S-Ethylisothiourea is a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor.		
DB02235	L-methionine (R)-S-oxide	experimental			
DB02236	Glycinamide Ribonucleotide	experimental			
DB02237	Maltotetraose	experimental			
DB02238	4-methylthio-2-oxobutanoic acid	experimental		Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type	
DB02239	Laevulinic Acid	experimental			
DB02240	Quinacrine mustard	experimental			
DB02241	8-Benzyl-2-Hydroperoxy-2-(4-Hydroxy-Benzyl)-6-(4-Hydroxy-Phenyl)-2h-Imidazo[1,2-a]Pyrazin-3-One	experimental			
DB02242	Cyclohexanepropanoic acid	experimental			
DB02243	4-Morpholin-4-Yl-Piperidine-1-Carboxylic Acid [1-(3-Benzenesulfonyl-1-Propyl-Allylcarbamoyl)-2-Phenylethyl]-Amide	experimental			
DB02245	7-Deazaguanine	experimental			
DB02247	Hydrolyzed Cephalothin	experimental			
DB02248	3-Methyl-5-Sulfo-Pyrrolidine-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02249	2-Ethoxyethanol	experimental			
DB02251	O-Succinylbenzoate	experimental			
DB02252	Iodobenzene	experimental			
DB02253	(1r)-4-[(1e,3e,5e,7z,9e,11z,13e,15e)-17-Hydroxy-3,7,12,16-Tetramethylheptadeca-1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15-Octaen-1-Yl]-3,5,5-Trimethylcyclohex-3-En-1-Ol	experimental			
DB02254	Trifluoro-thiamin phosphate	experimental			
DB02255	Ilomastat	experimental			
DB02256	2'-Deoxyuridine	experimental	2&#39;-Deoxyuridine. An antimetabolite that is converted to deoxyuridine triphosphate during DNA synthesis. Laboratory suppression of deoxyuridine is used to diagnose megaloblastic anemias due to vitamin B12 and folate deficiencies. [PubChem]		
DB02257	N-Bromoacetyl-Aminoethyl Phosphate	experimental			
DB02258	SR11254	experimental			
DB02259	3-(3,5-Dibromo-4-Hydroxy-Benzoyl)-2-Ethyl-Benzofuran-6-Sulfonic Acid (4-Sulfamoyl-Phenyl)-Amide	experimental			
DB02260	4-Oxosebacic Acid	experimental			
DB02261	Platelet Activating Factor	experimental			
DB02262	Orotic acid	investigational		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB02263	Glyceraldehyde-3-Phosphate	experimental	An aldotriose which is an important intermediate in glycolysis and in tryptophan biosynthesis. [PubChem]	Glycogen Storage Disease Type 1A (GSD1A) or Von Gierke Disease,Transaldolase Deficiency,Fructose-1,6-diphosphatase Deficiency,Triosephosphate Isomerase,Fanconi-Bickel Syndrome,Warburg Effect,Glycolysis,Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Glycerol Phosphate Shuttle,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Glycogenosis, Type VII. Tarui Disease,Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Deficiency 1 (PEPCK1),Glycogenosis, Type IB,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Gluconeogenesis,Mitochondrial Electron Transport Chain,Ribose-5-phosphate Isomerase Deficiency,Fructosuria,Glycogenosis, Type IC,Glycogenosis, Type IA. Von Gierke Disease,Fructose Intolerance, Hereditary	
DB02264	O2-Sulfo-Glucuronic Acid	experimental			
DB02265	Ethyl-Trimethyl-Silane	experimental			
DB02266	Flufenamic acid	approved	An anthranilic acid derivative with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. It is used in musculoskeletal and joint disorders and administered by mouth and topically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p16)		
DB02267	Argininosuccinate	experimental			
DB02268	4-(Acetylamino)-3-Amino Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB02269	[4-({[5-Benzyloxy-1-(3-Carbamimidoyl-Benzyl)-1h-Indole-2-Carbonyl]-Amino}-Methyl)-Phenyl]-Trimethyl-Ammonium	experimental			
DB02270	Dimethylallyl S-Thiolodiphosphate	experimental			
DB02271	S-(2-oxo)pentadecylcoa	experimental			
DB02272	Porphobilinogen	experimental	Porphobilinogen is a pyrrole involved in porphyrin metabolism. It is generated by the enzyme ALA dehydratase, and converted into hydroxymethyl bilane by the enzyme porphobilinogen deaminase.		
DB02273	2,6-Dimethyl-7-Octen-2-Ol	experimental			
DB02274	7-Keto-8-Aminopelargonic Acid	experimental			
DB02275	[2-Aminomethyl-5-Oxo-4-(4-Oxo-Cyclohexa-2,5-Dienylmethyl)-4,5-Dihydro-Imidazol-1-Yl] -Acetaldehyde	experimental			
DB02276	(S)-2-(Phosphonoxy)Caproyl-L-Leucyl-P-Nitroanilide	experimental			
DB02277	1-(5-Tert-Butyl-2-Methyl-2h-Pyrazol-3-Yl)-3-(4-Chloro-Phenyl)-Urea	experimental			
DB02278	7,8-dihydro-7,7-dimethyl-6-hydroxypterin	experimental			
DB02279	Benzoylformic Acid	experimental			
DB02280	(R)-Mandelic acid	experimental			
DB02281	Formycin	experimental			
DB02282	5'-S-methyl-5'-thioadenosine	experimental			
DB02283	2-Phenylamino-Ethanesulfonic Acid	experimental			
DB02285	Protoporphyrin	experimental		Porphyrin Metabolism,Acute Intermittent Porphyria,Porphyria Variegata (PV),Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease	
DB02286	2-amino-3-(4-amino-1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid	experimental			
DB02287	2-(2-hydroxy-phenyl)-3H-benzoimidazole-5-carboxamidine	experimental			
DB02288	CRA-9334	experimental			
DB02289	2-Aminopropanedioic Acid	experimental			
DB02290	3-{2,6,8-trioxo-9-[(2S,3S,4R)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxypentyl]-1,2,3,6,8,9-hexahydro-7H-purin-7-Yl}propyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB02292	Irosustat	investigational	Irosustat has been investigated for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer and Locally Advanced Breast Cancer.		
DB02293	(2S)-2,3-bis{[(3R,7R)-3,7,11,15-tetramethylhexadecyl]oxy}propyl (2R)-2-hydroxy-3-[(hydroxyphosphinato)oxy]propyl phosphate	experimental			
DB02294	(5R,6S,7S,8S)-5-hydroxymethyl-6,7,8-trihydroxy-tetrazolo[1,5-A]piperidine	experimental			
DB02295	N-[3-(Dimethylamino)Propyl]-2-({[4-({[4-(Formylamino)-1-Methyl-1h-Pyrrol-2-Yl]Carbonyl}Amino)-1-Methyl-1h-Pyrrol-2-Yl]Carbonyl}Amino)-5-Isopropyl-1,3-Thiazole-4-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB02296	Isoamyl alcohol	experimental			
DB02297	2-Amino-6-Chloropyrazine	experimental			
DB02298	5-Hydroxyamino-3-Methyl-Pyrrolidine-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02299	Arginineamide	experimental			
DB02300	Calcipotriol	approved	Calcipotriol (INN) or calcipotriene (USAN) is a sythetic derivative of calcitriol or Vitamin D.		
DB02301	5,10-Methylene-6-Hydrofolic Acid	experimental			
DB02302	Symmetric dimethylarginine	experimental			
DB02303	(5S)-5-Iododihydro-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione	experimental			
DB02304	Prostaglandin B2	experimental			
DB02305	4,5-Dehydro-D-Glucuronic Acid	experimental			
DB02306	Palmitoyl-Linoleoyl Phosphatidylcholine	experimental			
DB02307	N-(1-carboxy-3-phenylpropyl)phenylalanyl-alpha-asparagine	experimental			
DB02308	4-(1,3,2-Dioxaborolan-2-Yloxy)Butan-1-Aminium	experimental			
DB02309	5-monophosphate-9-beta-D-ribofuranosyl xanthine	experimental			
DB02310	3,5,6,8-Tetramethyl-N-Methyl Phenanthrolinium	experimental			
DB02311	Methyl Methylsulfinylmethyl Sulfide	experimental			
DB02312	beta-D-galactose 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB02313	Ethyl (4R)-4-{[(2R,5S)-2-(4-fluorobenzyl)-6-methyl-5-{[(5-methyl-1,2-oxazol-3-yl)carbonyl]amino}-4-oxoheptanoyl]amino}-5-[(3S)-2-oxo-3-pyrrolidinyl]pentanoate	experimental			
DB02314	Uridine-5'-Diphosphate-N-Acetylmuramoyl-L-Alanine-D-Glutamate	experimental			
DB02315	Cyclic GMP	experimental	Cyclic guanosine monophosphate (Cyclic GMP) is a guanine nucleotide containing one phosphate group which is esterified to the sugar moiety in both the 3&#39;- and 5&#39;-positions. It is a cellular regulatory agent and has been described as a second messenger. Its levels increase in response to a variety of hormones, including acetylcholine, insulin, and oxytocin and it has been found to activate specific protein kinases. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB02316	1-(5-Carboxypentyl)-5-[(2,6-Dichlorobenzyl)Oxy]-1 H-Indole-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02317	Alpha-D-Galactose-1-Phosphate	experimental		Galactose Metabolism,Lactose Synthesis,Galactosemia,Galactosemia II (GALK),GLUT-1 Deficiency Syndrome,Nucleotide Sugars Metabolism,Galactosemia III,Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId	
DB02318	2-deoxy-2-fluoro-alpha-D-mannosyl fluoride	experimental			
DB02319	5,6-dihydroxy-NADP	experimental			
DB02320	N-beta-D-glucopyranosylacetamide	experimental			
DB02321	5-(3-Amino-4,4-Dihyroxy-Butylsulfanylmethyl)-Tetrahydro-Furan-2,3,4-Triol	experimental			
DB02322	Heparin Disaccharide I-S	experimental			
DB02323	EM-1745	experimental			
DB02324	5-Iodo-2'-Deoxyuridine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02325	Isopropyl alcohol	approved,investigational	An isomer of 1-propanol. It is a colorless liquid having disinfectant properties. It is used in the manufacture of acetone and its derivatives and as a solvent. Topically, it is used as an antiseptic.		
DB02326	1-Hydroxyamine-2-Isobutylmalonic Acid	experimental			
DB02327	Triethylene glycol	experimental			
DB02328	2-[(3-Hydroxy-2-Methyl-5-Phosphonooxymethyl-Pyridin-4-Ylmethyl)-Imino]-5-Phosphono-Pent-3-Enoic Acid	experimental			
DB02329	Carbenoxolone	experimental	An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. [PubChem]		
DB02331	(2s)-2-[(5-Benzofuran-2-Yl-Thiophen-2-Ylmethyl)-(2,4-Dichloro-Benzoyl)-Amino]-3-Phenyl-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB02332	Flavin-N7 protonated-adenine dinucleotide	experimental			
DB02333	Deoxyuridine-5'-Triphosphate	experimental			
DB02334	(R)-2-Hydroxy-3-Sulfopropanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02335	2-Aminothiazoline	experimental			
DB02336	RU83876	experimental			
DB02337	S-(D-Carboxybutyl)-L-Homocysteine	experimental			
DB02338	NADPH	experimental			
DB02339	Allyl-{6-[3-(4-Bromo-Phenyl)-Benzofuran-6-Yloxy]-Hexyl-}-Methyl-Amin	experimental			
DB02340	N-Acetyl-Serine	experimental			
DB02341	Mdl 101,146	experimental			
DB02342	2-Methoxyestradiol	investigational	2-Methoxyestradiol (2ME2) is a drug that prevents the formation of new blood vessels that tumors need in order to grow (angiogenesis). It has undergone Phase 1 clinical trials against breast cancers and preclinical studies suggest that 2ME2 could also be effective against inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB02343	3,6,9,12,15-Pentaoxaheptadecane	experimental			
DB02345	Selenocysteine	experimental	A naturally occurring amino acid in both eukaryotic and prokaryotic organisms. It is found in tRNAs and in the catalytic site of some enzymes. The genes for glutathione peroxidase and formate dehydrogenase contain the TGA codon, which codes for this amino acid. [PubChem]	Selenoamino Acid Metabolism	
DB02346	3'-O-N-Octanoyl-a-D-Glucopyranosyl-B-D-Fructofuranoside	experimental			
DB02347	2-Amino-3-(5-Tert-Butyl-3-(Phosphonomethoxy)-4-Isoxazolyl)Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB02348	Monofluorophosphate ion	experimental			
DB02349	Nicotinamide-adenine-dinucleotide-5-hydroxy-4-oxonorvaline	experimental			
DB02350	N-Hydroxy-4-[(4-Methoxylphenyl)Sulfonyl]-2,2-Dimethyl-Hexahydro-1,4-Thiazepine-3(S)-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB02352	3-(Benzyloxy)Pyridin-2-Amine	experimental			
DB02353	Heparin Disaccharide Iii-S	experimental			
DB02354	4-{[1-Methyl-5-(2-Methyl-Benzoimidazol-1-Ylmethyl)-1h-Benzoimidazol-2-Ylmethyl]-Amino}-Benzamidine	experimental			
DB02355	Adenosine-5'-Rp-Alpha-Thio-Triphosphate	experimental			
DB02356	4-Imidazolmethylene-5-Imidazolone Chromophore	experimental			
DB02357	Methyl-O3-(Alpha-D-Mannose)-Alpha-D-Mannose	experimental			
DB02358	LY374571	experimental			
DB02359	9-Butyl-8-(2,5-Dimethoxy-Benzyl)-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB02360	Bis-Napthyl Beta-Ketophosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB02361	S-Methyl Thiocysteine Group	experimental			
DB02362	Aminobenzoic acid	approved,experimental	A member of the vitamin B complex. It used to be common in sunscreening agents until found to also be a sensitizer. The potassium salt is used therapeutically in fibrotic skin disorders.		
DB02363	2'-Monophosphoadenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02364	2-Amino-3-(Diethoxy-Phosphoryloxy)-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB02365	1,10-Phenanthroline	experimental			
DB02366	CRA_10762	experimental			
DB02367	(1n)-4-N-Butoxyphenylsulfonyl-(2r)-N-Hydroxycarboxamido-(4s)-Methanesulfonylamino-Pyrrolidine	experimental			
DB02368	N-Acetyl-L-Citrulline	experimental			
DB02369	3-Aza-2,3-Dihydrogeranyl Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02370	Nz-(1-Carboxyethyl)-Lysine	experimental			
DB02371	2-(2-Hydroxy-1,1-Dihydroxymethyl-Ethylamino)-Ethanesulfonic Acid	experimental			
DB02372	2,5-Dimethylpyrimidin-4-Amine	experimental			
DB02373	Adenosine monotungstate	experimental			
DB02374	Xylose-Derived Imidazole	experimental			
DB02375	Myricetin	experimental			
DB02376	D-gluconhydroximo-1,5-lactam	experimental			
DB02377	Guanine	experimental		Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB02378	MMI-175	experimental			
DB02379	Beta-D-Glucose	experimental	A primary source of energy for living organisms. It is naturally occurring and is found in fruits and other parts of plants in its free state. It is used therapeutically in fluid and nutrient replacement.		
DB02380	Deoxyinosine	experimental			
DB02381	nor-NOHA	investigational	N-Hydroxy-nor-L-arginine (nor-NOHA) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02009527 (Arginase Inhibition in Ischemia-reperfusion Injury).		
DB02382	Namn	experimental			
DB02383	Tolrestat	withdrawn	Tolrestat (INN) (AY-27773) is an aldose reductase inhibitor which was approved for the control of certain diabetic complications. While it was approved for marketed in several countries, it failed a Phase III trial in the U.S. due to toxicity and never received FDA approval. It was sold under the tradename Alredase but was discontinued by Wyeth in 1997 because of the risk of severe liver toxicity and death.		
DB02384	(E)-2-Fluoro-P-Hydroxycinnamate	experimental			
DB02385	D-threo-neopterin	experimental	A pteridine derivative present in body fluids; elevated levels result from immune system activation, malignant disease, allograft rejection, and viral infections. (From Stedman, 26th ed) Neopterin also serves as a precursor in the biosynthesis of biopterin.	DOPA-Responsive Dystonia,Hyperphenylalaniemia Due to Guanosine Triphosphate Cyclohydrolase Deficiency,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to 6-Pyruvoyltetrahydropterin Synthase Deficiency (ptps),Pterine Biosynthesis,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to DHPR-Deficiency,Segawa Syndrome,Sepiapterin Reductase Deficiency	
DB02386	Leucine Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB02388	Cyclohexyl-{4-[5-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-Piperidin-4-Yl-3-Propyl-3h-Imidazol-4-Yl]-Pyrimidin-2-Yl}Amine	experimental			
DB02390	5-Bromo-N[2-(Dimethylamino)Ethyl]-9-Aminoacridine-4-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB02391	2-Amino-7-[2-(2-Hydroxy-1-Hydroxymethyl-Ethylamino)-Ethyl]-1,7-Dihydro-Purin-6-One	experimental			
DB02393	D-Gluco-2,5-Anhydro-1-Deoxy-1-Phosphonohexitol-6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02394	Oxiranpseudoglucose	experimental			
DB02395	3-Hydroxymethyl-5-Aziridinyl-1methyl-2-[1h-Indole-4,7-Dione]-Propanol	experimental			
DB02396	Methylethylamine	experimental			
DB02397	O-(N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosaminyl)-L-serine	experimental			
DB02398	6-[N-(4-(Aminomethyl)Phenyl)Carbamyl]-2-Naphthalenecarboxamidine	experimental			
DB02399	L-Rhamnitol	experimental			
DB02400	ES-936	experimental			
DB02401	4-Hydroxy-1,2,5-oxadiazole-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02402	5-(4-Methoxyphenoxy)-2,4-Quinazolinediamine	experimental			
DB02403	2-Fluoroaniline	experimental			
DB02404	1-Deoxy-1-Thio-Heptaethylene Glycol	experimental			
DB02405	12-Bromododecanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02406	N-Valeric Acid	experimental			
DB02407	6-O-Cyclohexylmethyl Guanine	experimental			
DB02408	(3s)-3-Amino-1-(Cyclopropylamino)Heptane-2,2-Diol	experimental			
DB02409	(1r,4s)-2-Azabornane	experimental			
DB02410	2-Acetyl-3-[(4-Amino-2-Methyl-5-Pyrimidinyl)Methyl]-4-Methyl-5-(4,6,6-Trihydroxy-3,5-Dioxa-4,6-Diphosphahex-1-Yl)Thiazolium Inner Salt P,P'-Dioxide	experimental			
DB02411	2-(11-{2-[Benzenesulfonyl-(3-Methyl-Butyl)-Amino]-1-Hydroxy-Ethyl}-6,9-Dioxo-2-Oxa-7,10-Diaza-Bicyclo[11.2.2]Heptadeca-1(16),13(17),14-Trien-8-Yl)-Acetamide, Inhibitor 2	experimental			
DB02412	Tetrahydropyran	experimental			
DB02413	Hydroxyethylcysteine	experimental			
DB02414	Cyclo(his-pro)	experimental			
DB02415	N-Octyl-2-Hydroxyethyl Sulfoxide	experimental			
DB02416	2-Ribofuranosyl-3-Iodo-2,3-Dihydro-1h-Pyrazolo[3,4-D]Pyrimidin-4-Ylamine	experimental			
DB02417	2,4,6-Tribromophenol	experimental			
DB02418	(R,R)-2,3-Butanediol	experimental			
DB02419	Ethyl Oxo(Piperidin-1-Yl)Acetate	experimental			
DB02420	[[4-(Aminomethyl)Phenyl]Amino]Oxo-Acetic Acid,	experimental			
DB02421	Uridine-5'-diphosphate-mannose	experimental			
DB02422	Methyl-2-S-(Alpha-D-Mannopyranosyl)-2-Thio-Alpha-D-Mannopyranoside	experimental			
DB02423	Thiopyrophosphate	experimental			
DB02424	Geldanamycin	experimental,investigational			
DB02425	Hexadecyl Octanoate	experimental			
DB02426	Carboxyatractyloside	experimental			
DB02427	2,4-Diamino-6-[N-(2',5'-Dimethoxybenzyl)-N-Methylamino]Quinazoline	experimental			
DB02428	Quinaldic Acid	experimental			
DB02429	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(4-Fluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02430	Trehalose-6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02431	Cytidine-5'-Triphosphate	experimental	Cytidine 5&#39;-(tetrahydrogen triphosphate). A cytosine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. [PubChem]	Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Tay-Sachs Disease,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/22:2(13Z,16Z))	
DB02432	RU90395	experimental			
DB02433	{[(2,2-Dihydroxy-Ethyl)-(2,3,4,5-Tetrahydroxy-6-Phosphonooxy-Hexyl)-Amino]-Methyl}-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB02434	4-(2-Thienyl)Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB02435	Aminomethylcyclohexane	experimental			
DB02436	{4-[(2S)-2-({[(1S)-1-Carboxy-2-phenylethyl]carbamoyl}amino)-3-oxo-3-(pentylamino)propyl]phenoxy}malonic acid	experimental			
DB02437	(5r)-5-Amino-6-Hydroxyhexylcarbamic Acid	experimental			
DB02438	3-O-Methylfructose in Linear Form	experimental			
DB02441	2-Butyl-5,6-Dihydro-1h-Imidazo[4,5-D]Pyridazine-4,7-Dione	experimental			
DB02442	Dioxyselenocysteine	experimental			
DB02443	Methicillin Acyl-Serine	experimental			
DB02445	2-Deoxy-2-Amino Glucitol-6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02446	Glutamine hydroxamate	experimental			
DB02447	3,8,9,10-tetrahydroxy-7-hydroxymethyl-6-oxa-1,3-diaza-spiro[4.5]decane-2,4-dione	experimental			
DB02448	N-Tridecanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02449	3-(1h-Indol-3-Yl)-2-[4-(4-Phenyl-Piperidin-1-Yl)-Benzenesulfonylamino]-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB02450	2-Benzo[1,3]Dioxol-5-Ylmethyl-3-Benzyl-Succinic Acid	experimental			
DB02451	B-nonylglucoside	experimental			
DB02452	Thymidine 5'-triphosphate	experimental			
DB02453	Antimonous acid	experimental			
DB02454	5-(6-Amino-9h-Purin-9-Yl)-4-Hydroxytetrahydrofuran-3-Yl Dihydrogen Phosphate	experimental			
DB02455	Fluoresceinylthioureido	experimental			
DB02456	Aracytidine 5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB02457	Undecyl-Phosphinic Acid Butyl Ester	experimental			
DB02458	S-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)glutathione	experimental			
DB02459	4-guanidinobenzoic acid	experimental			
DB02460	Hydrogenobyrinic acid	experimental			
DB02461	S-Methyl Phosphocysteine	experimental			
DB02462	Thiocoumarin	experimental			
DB02463	2-(2-Hydroxy-Phenyl)-1h-Indole-5-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB02464	Benzylamine	experimental			
DB02465	Methoxy arachidonyl fluorophosphonate	experimental	Methoxy arachidonyl fluorophosphonate, commonly referred as MAFP, is an irreversible active site-directed enzyme inhibitor that inhibits nearly all serine hydrolases and serine proteases. It inhibits phospholipase A2 and fatty acid amide hydrolase with special potency, displaying IC50 values in the low-nanomolar range.		
DB02466	BMS-181156	experimental			
DB02467	L-methionine (S)-S-oxide	experimental			
DB02468	12-Phenylheme	experimental			
DB02469	4,6-dideoxy-4-amino-beta-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB02470	D-Glycero-D-Mannopyranose-7-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02471	Nojirimycine Tetrazole	experimental			
DB02472	7,8-dihydroinosine	experimental			
DB02473	6-[N-(1-Isopropyl-3,4-Dihydro-7-Isoquinolinyl)Carbamyl]-2-Naphthalenecarboxamidine	experimental			
DB02474	BMSC-0013	experimental			
DB02475	Deoxyamidinoproclavaminic acid	experimental			
DB02477	N-({4-[4-(2-Methyl-1H-imidazol-1-yl)butyl]phenyl}acetyl)-L-seryl-N-(2-cyclohexylethyl)-L-lysinamide	experimental			
DB02479	(R)-N-(3-Indol-1-Yl-2-Methyl-Propyl)-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02480	(S)-4-bromo-3-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl diphosphate	experimental			
DB02481	N-Benzylformamide	experimental			
DB02482	Phosphonothreonine	experimental	The phosphoric acid ester of threonine. Used as an identifier in the analysis of peptides, proteins, and enzymes. [PubChem]		
DB02483	Etheno-NAD	experimental			
DB02484	Cytidine 5'-diphosphoglycerol	experimental			
DB02485	Cytidine-5'-Monophosphate-5-N-Acetylneuraminic Acid	experimental	A nucleoside monophosphate sugar which donates N-acetylneuraminic acid to the terminal sugar of a ganglioside or glycoprotein. [PubChem]		
DB02486	2-Hydroxyethyl Disulfide	experimental			
DB02488	1-(2-Ethanone)-2-Hydroxy-2-(1-Amino-2-Methyl-2-Ethanol)-4-(2-Dimethyl)Ethane-Imidazoline-5-One;Chromophore (Thr-Leu-Gly)	experimental			
DB02489	9-Methylguanine	experimental			
DB02490	(Diaminomethyl-Methyl-Amino)-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB02491	4-[4-(1-Amino-1-Methylethyl)Phenyl]-5-Chloro-N-[4-(2-Morpholin-4-Ylethyl)Phenyl]Pyrimidin-2-Amine	experimental			
DB02492	Ghavamiol	experimental			
DB02493	Hydantocidin-5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB02494	(S)-3-phenyllactic acid	experimental			
DB02495	9-(4-hydroxybutyl)-N2-phenylguanine	experimental	9-(4-hydroxybutyl)-N2-phenylguanine is a solid. This compound belongs to the hypoxanthines. These are compounds containing the purine derivative 1H-purin-6(9H)-one. 9-(4-hydroxybutyl)-n2-phenylguanine is known to target thymidine kinase.		
DB02496	1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate	experimental	1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate is a solid. This compound belongs to the pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. The proteins that 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate targets include 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate reductoisomerase and pyridoxine 5'-phosphate synthase. 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate is an intermediate in the non-mevalonate pathway.		
DB02497	L-Alpha-Glycerophosphorylserine	experimental			
DB02498	Carba-nicotinamide-adenine-dinucleotide	experimental			
DB02499	Dinor-N(Omega)-Hydroxy-L-Arginine	experimental			
DB02500	6-(Dihydroxy-Isobutyl)-Thymine	experimental			
DB02501	N(2)-succinyl-L-arginine	experimental			
DB02502	8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine	experimental			
DB02503	4-(Carboxyvin-2-Yl)Phenylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB02504	[3-(1-Benzyl-3-Carbamoylmethyl-2-Methyl-1h-Indol-5-Yloxy)-Propyl-]-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB02505	N-(R-Carboxy-Ethyl)-Alpha-(S)-(2-Phenylethyl)	experimental			
DB02506	2,6,8-Trimethyl-3-Amino-9-Benzyl-9-Methoxynonanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02508	Isopentyl Pyrophosphate	experimental			
DB02509	Farnesol	experimental	A colorless liquid extracted from oils of plants such as citronella, neroli, cyclamen, and tuberose. It is an intermediate step in the biological synthesis of cholesterol from mevalonic acid in vertebrates. It has a delicate odor and is used in perfumery. (From McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 5th ed)		
DB02510	5'-O-(L-Prolylsulfamoyl)adenosine	experimental			
DB02511	2-Hydroxy-5-({1-[(2-Naphthyloxy)Methyl]-3-Oxoprop-1-Enyl}Amino)Tyrosine	experimental			
DB02512	1,6-Fructose Diphosphate (Linear Form)	experimental			
DB02513	Thymol	approved	A phenol obtained from thyme oil or other volatile oils. It is used as a stabilizer in pharmaceutic preparations. It has been used for its antiseptic, antibacterial, and antifungal actions, and was formerly used as a vermifuge. (Dorland, 28th ed)		
DB02514	(2Z)-3-{[Oxido(oxo)phosphoranyl]oxy}-2-phenylacrylate	experimental			
DB02515	sn-glycerol 3-phosphate	experimental		Glycerol Phosphate Shuttle,Glycerol Kinase Deficiency,De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:0/16:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/18:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/18:1(9Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/20:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/20:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:1(9Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:1(9Z)/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:0/18:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/20:1(11Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:0/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:1(11Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:1(11Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/20:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/20:0/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/20:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/20:1(11Z)/20:1(11Z))	
DB02516	(R)-carnitinyl-CoA betaine	experimental			
DB02517	D-Glutamic Acid	experimental	Glutamic acid is the most common excitatory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system.		
DB02518	N-Acetylalanine	experimental			
DB02519	Indirubin-5-sulphonate	experimental			
DB02520	Ditiocarb	experimental	A chelating agent that has been used to mobilize toxic metals from the tissues of man and experimental animals. It is the main metabolite of DISULFIRAM.		
DB02521	Flaviolin	experimental			
DB02522	Phosphonopyruvate	experimental			
DB02523	2-aminooxyethyl-[[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-(6-aminopurin-9-yl)-3,4-dihydroxy-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]methyl]-methyl-sulfonium	experimental			
DB02524	2',3'-O-{4-[Hydroxy(oxido)-λ5-azanylidene]-2,6-dinitro-2,5-cyclohexadiene-1,1-diyl}adenosine 5'-(tetrahydrogen triphosphate)	experimental			
DB02525	D-galactohydroximo-1,5-lactam	experimental			
DB02526	CRA_10655	experimental			
DB02527	Cyclic adenosine monophosphate	experimental	Cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP, cyclic AMP or 3'-5'-cyclic adenosine monophosphate) is a molecule that is important in many biological processes; it is derived from adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Dopamine Activation of Neurological Reward System,Excitatory Neural Signalling Through 5-HTR 4 and Serotonin,Intracellular Signalling Through Prostacyclin Receptor and Prostacyclin,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II,Lysophosphatidic Acid LPA4 Signalling,Lysophosphatidic Acid LPA5 Signalling,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Excitatory Neural Signalling Through 5-HTR 6 and Serotonin,Vasopressin Regulation of Water Homeostasis,Intracellular Signalling Through Histamine H2 Receptor and Histamine,Intracellular Signalling Through PGD2 receptor and Prostaglandin D2,Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Lysophosphatidic Acid LPA1 Signalling,Lysophosphatidic Acid LPA2 Signalling,Lysophosphatidic Acid LPA6 Signalling,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Corticotropin Activation of Cortisol Production,Excitatory Neural Signalling Through 5-HTR 7 and Serotonin,Intracellular Signalling Through Adenosine Receptor A2a and Adenosine,Intracellular Signalling Through Adenosine Receptor A2b and Adenosine,Intracellular Signalling Through FSH Receptor and Follicle Stimulating Hormone	
DB02528	Tetrazolyl Histidine	experimental			
DB02529	(2R,4S,5R,6R)-5-Acetamido-4-amino-6-(diethylcarbamoyl)oxane-2-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02530	gamma-Aminobutyric acid	approved,investigational	The most common inhibitory neurotransmitter in the central nervous system.	Homocarnosinosis,Glutamate Metabolism,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB02531	Isobutyric acid	experimental			
DB02532	2,4,6-Triaminoquinazoline	experimental			
DB02534	2-Allylphenol	experimental			
DB02535	Aminodi(Ethyloxy)Ethylaminocarbonylbenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB02536	D-glyceraldehyde	experimental			
DB02537	2-Hydroxy-5-({1-[(4-Methylphenoxy)Methyl]-3-Oxoprop-1-Enyl}Amino)-L-Tyrosine	experimental			
DB02538	N-[4-(2-Methylimidazo[1,2-a]Pyridin-3-Yl)-2-Pyrimidinyl]Acetamide	experimental			
DB02540	10-formyl-5,8,10-trideazafolic acid	experimental			
DB02541	4-Hydroxybutan-1-Aminium	experimental			
DB02542	(4s)-5-Fluoro-L-Leucine	experimental			
DB02543	Pyrrole-2-Carboxylate	experimental			
DB02544	N-(6-{[3-(4-Bromophenyl)-1,2-Benzisothiazol-6-Yl]Oxy}Hexyl)-N-Methylprop-2-En-1-Amine	experimental			
DB02545	Fexaramine	experimental			
DB02546	Vorinostat	approved,investigational	Vorinostat (rINN) or suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA), is a drug currently under investigation for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL), a type of skin cancer, to be used when the disease persists, gets worse, or comes back during or after treatment with other medicines. It is the first in a new class of agents known as histone deacetylase inhibitors.  A recent study suggested that vorinostat also possesses some activity against recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, resulting in a median overall survival of 5.7 months (compared to 4 - 4.4 months in earlier studies). Further brain tumor trials are planned using combinations of vorinostat with other drugs.		
DB02547	Guanosine-5'-Diphosphate-Rhamnose	experimental			
DB02548	D-glucitol 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB02549	3'-O-Acetylthymidine-5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB02550	8-(2-Chloro-3,4,5-Trimethoxy-Benzyl)-2-Fluoro-9-Pent-4-Ylnyl-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB02551	6-[N-(4-Ethyl-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-6-Isoquinolinyl)Carbamyl]-2-Naphthalenecarboxamidine	experimental			
DB02552	Geranyl Diphosphate	experimental		Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease	
DB02553	Glutathionylspermidine disulfide	experimental			
DB02554	UDP-6-sulfoquinovose	experimental			
DB02555	SP4160	experimental			
DB02556	D-Phenylalanine	experimental	An essential aromatic amino acid that is a precursor of melanin; dopamine; noradrenalin (norepinephrine), and thyroxine. [PubChem]		
DB02557	Phosphoramidon	experimental			
DB02558	N-(3-Phenyl-2-Sulfanylpropanoyl)Phenylalanylalanine	experimental			
DB02559	6-(Octahydro-1h-Indol-1-Ylmethyl)Decahydroquinazoline-2,4-Diamine	experimental			
DB02560	[(1S)-1-acetamido-2-(4-chlorophenyl)ethyl]-[(2S)-2-amino-3-hydroxy-3-oxo-propoxy]-dihydroxy-boron	experimental			
DB02561	Beta-D-Fructopyranose	experimental			
DB02562	Quinonoid 7,8-Tetrahydrobiopterin	experimental			
DB02563	Hexanoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB02565	4-(dimethylamino)-N-[7-(hydroxyamino)-7-oxoheptyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB02566	8-Hydroxy-4-(1-Hydroxyethyl)Quinoline-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02567	PD173955	experimental			
DB02568	Peldesine	investigational	Peldesine is a potent inhibitor of human CCRF-CEM T-cell proliferation. It has undergone phase I trials for the treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) infections.		
DB02569	2',3'-Dehydro-2',3'-Deoxy-Thymidine 5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02570	PD150606	experimental			
DB02571	Allysine	experimental			
DB02572	1,3-bis-([3-[3-[3-(4-{3-[3-nitro-5-(galactopyranosyloxy)-benzoylamino]-propyl}-piperazin-1-yl)-propylamino-3,4-dioxo-cyclobutenyl]-amino-propoxy-ethoxy-ethoxy]-propyl-]amino-carbonyloxy)-2-amino-propane	experimental			
DB02573	2'-deoxycytidine-2'-deoxyadenosine-3',5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB02574	BV2	experimental			
DB02576	F-Loop of Vitamin B12	experimental			
DB02577	Mesoheme	experimental	The color-furnishing portion of hemoglobin. It is found free in tissues and as the prosthetic group in many hemeproteins.	Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Porphyrin Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Diflunisal Action Pathway,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Phenytoin (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Leukotriene C4 Synthesis Deficiency,Mitochondrial Electron Transport Chain,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,Methadone Action Pathway,Imipramine Action Pathway	
DB02578	N-[(6S)-6-Carboxy-6-(glycylamino)hexanoyl]-D-alanyl-D-alanine	experimental			
DB02579	Acrylic Acid	experimental	A α,β-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is ethene substituted by a carboxy group.	Ifosfamide Metabolism Pathway,Cyclophosphamide Action Pathway,Ifosfamide Action Pathway,Cyclophosphamide Metabolism Pathway	
DB02580	Pentaglyme	experimental			
DB02581	N(2)-carbamimidoyl-N-{2-[4-(3-{4-[(5-carboxyfuran-2-yl)methoxy]-2,3-dichlorophenyl}-1-methyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)piperidin-1-yl]-2-oxoethyl}-D-leucinamide	experimental			
DB02582	(6Z)-6-{[(1Z)-1-{[(1R)-1-Carboxy-2-methyl-2-propen-1-yl]imino}-1-hydroxy-3-sulfanyl-2-propanyl]imino}-6-hydroxynorleucine	experimental			
DB02583	N6-(2,5-Dimethoxy-Benzyl)-N6-Methyl-Pyrido[2,3-D]Pyrimidine-2,4,6-Triamine	experimental			
DB02585	4-(Hydroxymethyl)Benzamidine	experimental			
DB02586	4,7-Dimethyl-[1,10]Phenanthroline	experimental			
DB02587	Colforsin	experimental,investigational	Potent activator of the adenylate cyclase system and the biosynthesis of cyclic AMP. From the plant Coleus forskohlii. Has antihypertensive, positive inotropic, platelet aggregation inhibitory, and smooth muscle relaxant activities; also lowers intraocular pressure and promotes release of hormones from the pituitary gland.		
DB02588	(2R)-2-[(1R)-1-{[(2S)-2-Carboxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetyl]amino}-1-methoxy-2-oxoethyl]-5-methylene-5,6-dihydro-2H-1,3-oxazine-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02589	Se-Ethyl-Isoselenourea	experimental			
DB02590	Abequose	experimental			
DB02591	5,6-Dimethylbenzimidazole	experimental			
DB02592	Carbaphosphonate	experimental			
DB02593	7,8-Dihydroxy-1-Methoxy-3-Methyl-10-Oxo-4,10-Dihydro-1h,3h-Pyrano[4,3-B]Chromene-9-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02594	2'-Deoxycytidine	experimental,investigational			
DB02595	(2R,3S,5S)-2-(Hydroxymethyl)-5-[(2-sulfoethyl)carbamoyl]-3-pyrrolidiniumyl 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-4-O-sulfo-beta-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB02596	alpha,beta-Methyleneadenosine 5'-triphosphate	experimental			
DB02597	[2(R,S)-2-Sulfanylheptanoyl]-Phe-Ala	experimental			
DB02598	N-Alpha-Acetyl-3,5-Diiodotyrosylglycine	experimental			
DB02599	2,6-Diamino-8-Propylsulfanylmethyl-3h-Quinazoline-4-One	experimental			
DB02600	Oseltamivir acid	experimental			
DB02601	4-Hydroxyphenylglycine	experimental			
DB02602	AL7182	experimental			
DB02603	1-Amino-6-Cyclohex-3-Enylmethyloxypurine	experimental			
DB02604	2-Deoxy-Glucose-6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02606	2-Butanol	experimental,investigational			
DB02607	Adenosine Phosphonoacetic Acid	experimental			
DB02608	N-[(1R,2R)-1,3-Dihydroxy-1-(4-nitrophenyl)-2-propanyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB02609	4-Hydroxy-L-Threonine-5-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02610	N-(2,3,4,5,6-Pentaflouro-Benzyl)-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02611	Balanol Analog 1	experimental			
DB02613	Capric dimethyl amine oxide	experimental			
DB02614	1(R)-1-Acetamido-2-(3-Carboxyphenyl)Ethyl Boronic Acid	experimental			
DB02615	Compound 19	experimental			
DB02616	FR117016	experimental			
DB02617	1-(N-Imidazolyl)-2-Hydroxy-2-(2,3-Dichlorophenyl)Octane	experimental			
DB02618	Ethyl Dimethyl Ammonio Propane Sulfonate	experimental			
DB02619	12-Bromo-1-dodecanol	experimental			
DB02620	3-(4-{2-[2-(2-bromo-acetylamino)-ethyldisulfanyl]-ethylcarbamoyl}-cyclohexylcarbamoyl)-pyrazine-2-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02621	Latrunculin A	experimental	Latrunculin A is an actin binding macrolide purified from the red sea sponge Latrunculia magnifica. It is under investigation for the treatment of cancer. It disrupts actin polymerization, prevents mitotic spindle formation and thus cell replication.		
DB02622	2-(Oxalyl-Amino)-Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB02623	Aminophosphonic acid-guanylate ester	experimental			
DB02624	Homoserine Lactone	experimental			
DB02625	(2r)-2-{[Formyl(Hydroxy)Amino]Methyl}Hexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02626	Phenylferricrocin-iron	experimental			
DB02627	4,4'-Biphenyldiboronic Acid	experimental			
DB02628	1-[3,3-Dimethyl-2-(2-Methylamino-Propionylamino)-Butyryl]-Pyrrolidine-2-Carboxylic Acid(1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Naphthalen-1-Yl)-Amide	experimental			
DB02629	N,N-[2,5-O-di-2-fluoro-benzyl-glucaryl]-di-[1-amino-indan-2-ol]	experimental			
DB02630	L-xylitol 5-phosphate	experimental			
DB02632	4-nitrophenyl-beta-D-galactoside	experimental			
DB02633	Cibacron Blue	experimental			
DB02635	N-[O-Phosphono-Pyridoxyl]-Isoleucine	experimental			
DB02636	9-Hydroxy-8-Methoxy-6-Nitro-Phenanthrol[3,4-D][1,3]Dioxole-5-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02637	Oxaloacetate Ion	experimental			
DB02638	Terlipressin	approved,investigational	Terlipressin is an analogue of vasopressin used as a vasoactive drug in the management of hypotension which has been found to be effective when norepinephrine fails.		
DB02639	7-(alpha-D-Glucopyranosyloxy)-4-methyl-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one	experimental			
DB02640	Fumagillin	experimental			
DB02641	Heptanamide	experimental			
DB02642	[[N-(Benzyloxycarbonyl)Amino]Methyl]Phosphate	experimental			
DB02643	N-Dodecyl-N,N-Dimethyl-3-Ammonio-1-Propanesulfonate	experimental			
DB02644	N-omega-propyl-L-arginine	experimental			
DB02645	3,4-Epoxybutyl-Alpha-D-Glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB02646	Nitrosoethane	experimental			
DB02647	N-(5-Cyclopropyl-1h-Pyrazol-3-Yl)Benzamide	experimental			
DB02648	(3-Carboxy-2-(R)-Hydroxy-Propyl)-Trimethyl-Ammonium	experimental	Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. [PubChem]		
DB02649	3-Amino-3-Oxopropanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02650	Trichloroacetaldehyde	experimental			
DB02651	{[2-(1h-1,2,3-Benzotriazol-1-Yl)-2-(3,4-Difluorophenyl)Propane-1,3-Diyl]Bis[4,1-Phenylene(Difluoromethylene)]}Bis(Phosphonic Acid)	experimental			
DB02652	L-[(N-Hydroxyamino)Carbonyl]Phenylalanine	experimental			
DB02654	6-hydroxy-FAD	experimental			
DB02655	D-Aspartic Acid	experimental	The D-isomer of aspartic acid. [PubChem]	Aspartate Metabolism,Canavan Disease,Hypoacetylaspartia	
DB02656	LY-294002	experimental	Specific inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase.		
DB02657	Glucosamine 6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02658	2,4-Dinitrophenyl 2-Deoxy-2-Fluoro-Beta-D-Allopyranoside	experimental			
DB02659	Cholic Acid	approved	A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).	Zellweger Syndrome,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III	
DB02660	Filaminast	experimental	Filaminast is a phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor (PDE4 inhibitor). As such, has potential in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).		
DB02661	Adenosine-5'-diphosphate-2',3'-vanadate	experimental			
DB02662	Novo Nordisk a/S Compound	experimental			
DB02663	2-Amino-4-(Hydroxymethyl-Phosphinyl)Butanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02664	1-Butane Boronic Acid	experimental			
DB02665	(1R,2S)-2-Phenylcyclopropanaminium	experimental	A propylamine formed from the cyclization of the side chain of amphetamine. This monoamine oxidase inhibitor is effective in the treatment of major depression, dysthymic disorder, and atypical depression. It also is useful in panic and phobic disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p311)		
DB02666	(C8-R)-hydantocidin 5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB02667	Factor IIIm	experimental			
DB02668	JE-2147	experimental			
DB02669	RB106	experimental			
DB02670	4-Deoxy-Alpha-D-Glucose	experimental			
DB02671	1-Methylimidazole	experimental			
DB02673	(4aS,6R,8aS)-11-[8-(1,3-Dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)octyl]-6-hydroxy-3-methoxy-5,6,9,10-tetrahydro-4aH-[1]benzofuro[3a,3,2-ef][2]benzazepin-11-ium	experimental			
DB02674	4-(2-Oxo-Hexahydro-Thieno[3,4-D]Imidazol-4-Yl)-Butyricacid	experimental			
DB02675	(4-Hydroxymaltosephenyl)Glycine	experimental			
DB02676	2-[3-(2-Hydroxy-1,1-Dihydroxymethyl-Ethylamino)-Propylamino]-2-Hydroxymethyl-Propane-1,3-Diol	experimental			
DB02677	D-naphthyl-1-acetamido boronic acid alanine	experimental			
DB02678	beta-D-Galactosamine	experimental			
DB02679	Cyanamide	experimental	A cyanide compound which has been used as a fertilizer, defoliant and in many manufacturing processes. It often occurs as the calcium salt, sometimes also referred to as cyanamide. The citrated calcium salt is used in the treatment of alcoholism. [PubChem]		
DB02680	1,3-Dinitrobenzene	experimental			
DB02681	2,8-bis[oxido(oxo)vanadio]-1,1,1,3,5,5,7,7,9,9,9-undecaoxopentavanadoxane-2,8-diium	experimental			
DB02683	Inhibitor Bea428	experimental			
DB02684	5'-O-(L-Cysteinylsulfamoyl)adenosine	experimental			
DB02685	3-Methylphenylalanine	experimental			
DB02686	Undecyl-Beta-D-Maltopyranoside	experimental			
DB02688	2,3-Didehydroalanine	experimental		Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB02689	S-{2-[Amino(Dihydroxy)-Lambda~4~-Sulfanyl]Ethyl}-D-Cysteine	experimental			
DB02690	NU1025	experimental			
DB02691	Glycocholic acid	experimental,investigational	The glycine conjugate of cholic acid. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed.		
DB02693	(4S,5S)-1,2-dithiane-4,5-diol	experimental			
DB02694	Pantoyl Adenylate	experimental			
DB02695	O1-Pentyl-Mannose	experimental			
DB02696	6-Aminohexyl-uridine-C1,5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB02697	Hydroxyaminovaline	experimental			
DB02698	N-(M-Trifluoromethylphenyl) Phenoxazine-4,6-Dicarboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02699	4-Oxoretinol	experimental		Retinol Metabolism,Vitamin A Deficiency	
DB02700	3-Deoxy-D-Glucosamine	experimental			
DB02701	Nicotinamide	approved,investigational	An important compound functioning as a component of the coenzyme NAD. Its primary significance is in the prevention and/or cure of blacktongue and pellagra. Most animals cannot manufacture this compound in amounts sufficient to prevent nutritional deficiency and it therefore must be supplemented through dietary intake.	Nicotinate and Nicotinamide Metabolism	
DB02702	XV638	experimental			
DB02703	Fusidic acid	approved,investigational	An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) It acts by inhibiting translocation during protein synthesis. It is often used topically in creams and eyedrops but is available in systemic formulations including tablets and injections.		
DB02704	(2R,3R,4R,5R)-3,4-Dihydroxy-N,N'-bis[(1S,2R)-2-hydroxy-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]-2,5-bis(2-phenylethyl)hexanediamide	experimental			
DB02705	6-[N-(1-Isopropyl-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-7-Isoquinolinyl)Carbamyl]-2-Naphthalenecarboxamidine	experimental			
DB02706	Mercaptocarboxylate Inhibitor	experimental			
DB02707	Pentyl Trihydrogen Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02709	Resveratrol	investigational	Resveratrol (3,5,4'-trihydroxystilbene) is a polyphenolic phytoalexin. It is a stilbenoid, a derivate of stilbene, and is produced in plants with the help of the enzyme stilbene synthase. It exists as cis-(Z) and trans-(E) isomers. The trans- form can undergo isomerisation to the cis- form when heated or exposed to ultraviolet irradiation. In a 2004 issue of Science, Dr. Sinclair of Harvard University said resveratrol is not an easy molecule to protect from oxidation. It has been claimed that it is readily degraded by exposure to light, heat, and oxygen. However, studies find that Trans-resveratrol undergoes negligible oxidation in normal atmosphere at room temperature.		
DB02710	2,3,-Dihydroxybenzoylserine	experimental			
DB02711	4-{2,6,8-Trioxo-9-[(2S,3R,4R)-2,3,4,5-Tetrahydroxypentyl]-1,2,3,6,8,9-Hexahydro-7h-Purin-7-Yl}Butyl Dihydrogen Phosphate	experimental			
DB02712	Sorbinil	experimental,investigational			
DB02713	Acetylamino-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB02714	3'-Uridinemonophosphate	experimental			
DB02715	Compound 18	experimental			
DB02716	7-methyl-guanosine-5'-triphosphate	experimental			
DB02717	Cellotetraose	experimental			
DB02719	C-(1-hydrogyl-beta-D-glucopyranosyl) formamide	experimental			
DB02720	alpha-D-glucopyranosyl-2-carboxylic acid amide	experimental			
DB02721	4-Iodopyrazole	experimental			
DB02722	4-O-methyl-beta-D-glucuronic acid	experimental			
DB02723	4-Oxo-2-Phenylmethanesulfonyl-Octahydro-Pyrrolo[1,2-a]Pyrazine-6-Carboxylic Acid [1-(N-Hydroxycarbamimidoyl)-Piperidin-4-Ylmethyl]-Amide	experimental			
DB02724	Delta-2-Albomycin A1	experimental			
DB02725	2-Amino-4-(4-Amino-Cyclohexa-2,5-Dienyl)-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB02726	2-Phosphoglycolic Acid	experimental			
DB02727	2-butyl-1-hydroxyguanidine	experimental			
DB02728	7-Hydroxy-2-Oxo-Chromene-3-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB02729	SD146	experimental			
DB02730	4-Methylthio-Alpha-D-Mannose	experimental			
DB02731	Ethylmercurithiosalicylic acid	experimental	Ethylmercurithiosalicylic acid is a topical antiseptic used on skin and mucous membranes. It is also used as a preservative in pharmaceuticals.		
DB02732	[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-(4-acetonyl-3-carbamoyl-pyridin-1-ium-1-yl)-3,4-dihydroxy-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]methyl [[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-(6-aminopurin-9-yl)-3,4-dihydroxy-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]methoxy-hydroxy-phosphoryl] phosphate	experimental			
DB02733	Purvalanol	experimental			
DB02734	4-Deoxy-D-Mannuronic Acid	experimental			
DB02735	2-Amino-3-Oxo-4-Sulfo-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB02736	Acetamide	experimental			
DB02738	Adenosine-5'-Pentaphosphate	experimental			
DB02740	3-Indolebutyric Acid	experimental			
DB02741	CD564	experimental			
DB02742	Kifunensine	experimental			
DB02743	beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-galactopyranose	experimental			
DB02744	RPR131247	experimental			
DB02745	Uridine	experimental,investigational		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB02746	Phthalic Acid	experimental			
DB02747	Diamino-N-[(4S)-5-anilino-4-{[(2S)-2-{[(1R)-1-carboxyethyl]amino}-4-phenylbutanoyl]amino}-5-oxopentyl]methaniminium	experimental			
DB02749	Pyromellitic Acid	experimental			
DB02750	S-(Methylmercury)-L-Cysteine	experimental			
DB02751	Glycocyamine	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB02752	Tosyl-D-Proline	experimental			
DB02753	Selenoinosine	experimental			
DB02754	9-Butyl-8-(3,4,5-Trimethoxybenzyl)-9h-Purin-6-Amine	experimental			
DB02755	1-3 Sugar Ring of Pentamannosyl 6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02756	Pyroquilon	experimental	Pyroquilon is a commercial blasticide which binds in the naphthol pocket of fungal trihydroxynaphthalene reductase active site.		
DB02757	Pyrazole	experimental			
DB02758	Indolepropionic acid	experimental			
DB02759	4-methyl-umbelliferyl-N-acetyl-chitobiose	experimental			
DB02760	1,6-Di-O-Phosphono-D-Allitol	experimental			
DB02761	S-Mercaptocysteine	experimental			
DB02762	RU79072	experimental			
DB02763	5-Mercapto-2-Nitro-Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB02765	R-9-(2-hydroxypropyl)adenine	experimental			
DB02766	N-[(2R)-4-diazonio-3-oxoniumylidene-1-phenylbutan-2-yl]-1-phenylmethoxymethanimidate	experimental			
DB02767	(R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoic acid	experimental		Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB02768	Tert-Butyloxycarbonyl Group	experimental			
DB02770	7-alpha-D-Ribofuranosyl-2-aminopurine-5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB02772	Sucrose	approved,experimental,investigational	A nonreducing disaccharide composed of glucose and fructose linked via their anomeric carbons. It is obtained commercially from sugarcane, sugar beet (beta vulgaris), and other plants and used extensively as a food and a sweetener.		
DB02773	(3-Chloro-4-Propoxy-Phenyl)-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB02774	1,3-Propanediol	experimental			
DB02776	1-Hexadecanosulfonic Acid	experimental			
DB02777	Diundecyl Phosphatidyl Choline	experimental			
DB02778	2,5-Anhydroglucitol-1,6-Biphosphate	experimental			
DB02779	Dodecyltrimethylammonium	experimental			
DB02780	Beta-3-Cysteine	experimental			
DB02781	4-{(Z)-[2-[3-(Methylsulfanyl)Propanoyl]-5-Oxo-1-(2-Oxoethyl)-1,5-Dihydro-4h-Imidazol-4-Ylidene]Methyl}Benzenolate	experimental			
DB02783	4'-Deoxy-4'-Acetylyamino-Pyridoxal-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02784	N-(Bromoacetyl)-beta-alanyl-N-(2-{4-[(carboxycarbonyl)amino]phenyl}ethyl)-L-serinamide	experimental			
DB02785	(2S)-1-[(2S,4R)-4-Benzyl-2-hydroxy-5-{[(1S,2R,5S)-2-hydroxy-5-methylcyclopentyl]amino}-5-oxopentyl]-4-{[6-chloro-5-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)-2-pyrazinyl]carbonyl}-N-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-2-piperazineca rboxamide	experimental			
DB02786	2-Anhydro-3-Fluoro-Quinic Acid	experimental			
DB02787	N-Acetylmannosaminitol	experimental			
DB02788	(S)-acetoin	experimental	A product of fermentation. It is a component of the butanediol cycle in microorganisms. In mammals it is oxidized to carbon dioxide.		
DB02789	Pregnenolone	approved,experimental	A 21-carbon steroid, derived from cholesterol and found in steroid hormone-producing tissues. Pregnenolone is the precursor to gonadal steroid hormones and the adrenal corticosteroids.		
DB02790	Phenyl-uridine-5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB02792	Deglucobalhimycin	experimental			
DB02793	Isochorismic Acid	experimental			
DB02794	(2S)-2-({4-[(2S)-1-(2-Amino-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-6-quinazolinyl)-3-{[2-({(2R,3R,4S,5R)-3,4-dihydroxy-5-[(phosphonooxy)methyl]tetrahydro-2-furanyl}amino)-2-oxoethyl]amino}-2-hydroxy-2-propanyl]benzoyl}ami no)pentanedioic acid	experimental			
DB02795	P-Anisic Acid	experimental			
DB02796	9-deazainosine	experimental			
DB02797	3-Nitrophenylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB02798	Alpha-Methylene Adenosine Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02799	N-[2-(1-maleimidyl)ethyl]-7-diethylaminocoumarin-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB02800	5-hydroxymethyl-5,6-dihydrofolic acid	experimental			
DB02801	2,3-Anhydro-quinic acid	experimental			
DB02802	3-(alpha-D-Galactopyranosyloxy)-5-nitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB02803	3-Phenyl-1,2-Propandiol	experimental			
DB02804	A-98881	experimental			
DB02805	Arabinouridine 3'-phosphate	experimental			
DB02806	2-Methoxyethanol	experimental			
DB02807	3-deoxy-D-lyxo-hexonic acid	experimental			
DB02808	Trifluorofurnesyl Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02809	Brodimoprim-4,6-Dicarboxylate	experimental	Brodimoprim-4,6-dicarboxylate is a solid. This compound belongs to the anisoles. These are organic compounds contaiing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. This medication is known to target the protein dihydrofolate reductase.		
DB02810	N-(2-Acetamido)Iminodiacetic Acid	experimental			
DB02811	Diethyl phosphonate	experimental			
DB02812	RWJ-56423	experimental			
DB02813	2-Acetamido-2-Deoxy-D-Glucono-1,5-Lactone	experimental			
DB02814	3'-Deazo-Thiamin Diphosphate	experimental			
DB02816	7-(1-Methyl-1,2,3-Triazol-4-Yl)-6-Formyl-2,7-Dihydro-[1,4]Thiazepine-3-Carboxylic Acid, Brl42715, C6-(N1-Methyl-1,2,3-Triazolylmethylene)Penem	experimental			
DB02817	5-Exo-Hydroxycamphor	experimental			
DB02818	Iodo-Willardiine	experimental			
DB02819	Mono-[3,4-Dihydroxy-5-(5-Methyl-Benzoimidazol-1-Yl)-Tetrahydor-Furan-2-Ylmethyl] Ester	experimental			
DB02820	1-Azepan-1-Yl-2-Phenyl-2-(4-Thioxo-1,4-Dihydro-Pyrazolo[3,4-D]Pyrimidin-5-Yl)Ethanone Adduct	experimental			
DB02821	Canaline	experimental			
DB02822	Para-Bromobenzyl Alcohol	experimental			
DB02823	Phosphonoacetic Acid	experimental	A simple organophosphorus compound that inhibits DNA polymerase, especially in viruses and is used as an antiviral agent. [PubChem]		
DB02824	N-Pyridoxyl-Glycine-5-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02825	Methylphosphinate	experimental			
DB02827	7-(1,1-Dioxo-1h-Benzo[D]Isothiazol-3-Yloxymethyl)-2-(Oxalyl-Amino)-4,7-Dihydro-5h-Thieno[2,3-C]Pyran-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02828	5-Fluorolevulinic Acid	experimental			
DB02829	4-(Acetylamino)-3-[(Aminoacetyl)Amino]Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB02830	FR236913	experimental			
DB02831	Dihydrogenphosphate	experimental			
DB02832	Siroheme	experimental			
DB02833	[4-(2-Amino-4-Methyl-Thiazol-5-Yl)-Pyrimidin-2-Yl]-(3-Nitro-Phenyl)-Amine	experimental			
DB02834	IDD552	experimental			
DB02835	Alpha-D-Glucose 1,6-Bisphosphate	experimental			
DB02836	Guanosine 5'-diphosphate 2':3'-cyclic monophosphate	experimental			
DB02837	4-(Hydrogen sulfate)-beta-D-galactopyranose	experimental			
DB02838	3,4-Dihydro-2h-Pyrrolium-5-Carboxylate	experimental		Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Arginine and Proline Metabolism,D-Arginine and D-Ornithine Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency	
DB02839	2,4-Dihydroxybenzoic Acid	experimental			
DB02840	4-(1,3-Benzodioxol-5-Yl)-5-(5-Ethyl-2,4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2h-Pyrazole-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02841	[(2-Ethoxy-1-Naphthoyl)Amino]Methylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB02842	9-amino-n-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]acridine-4-carboxamide	experimental	9-amino-n-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]acridine-4-carboxamide is an inactive derivative of the antitumour agents N-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]acridine-4-carboxamide (DACA) and 9-amino-DACA.		
DB02843	alpha-D-glucose-1-phosphate	experimental			
DB02844	S-Adenosyl-1,8-Diamino-3-Thiooctane	experimental			
DB02845	Methylphosphinic Acid	experimental			
DB02846	L-thioproline	experimental			
DB02847	(2s,3r)-1-Amino-2-Methylbutane-2,3-Diol	experimental			
DB02848	{4-[3-(6,7-Diethoxy-Quinazolin-4-Ylamino)-Phenyl]-Thiazol-2-Yl}-Methanol	experimental			
DB02849	N-Pyridoxyl-1-Amino-Cyclopropanecarboxylic Acid-5-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02850	DAS869	experimental			
DB02851	Thiocamphor	experimental			
DB02852	Domoic Acid	experimental			
DB02853	D-Proline	experimental	D-proline is an isomer of the naturally occurring amino acid, L-Proline. D-amino acids have been found in relatively high abundance in human plasma and saliva [A19262]. These amino acids may be of bacterial origin, but there is also evidence that they are endogenously produced through amino acid racemase activity [A19263].		
DB02854	Aetiocholanolone	experimental	The 5-beta-reduced isomer of androsterone. Etiocholanolone is a major metabolite of testosterone and androstenedione in many mammalian species including humans. It is excreted in the urine. [PubChem]	Androstenedione Metabolism	
DB02855	N-(3-Propylcarbamoyloxirane-2-Carbonyl)-Isoleucyl-Proline	experimental			
DB02856	Ethyl N-methylcarbamate	experimental			
DB02857	Guanosine	experimental,investigational	Guanosine is a nucleoside comprising guanine attached to a ribose (ribofuranose) ring via a β-N9-glycosidic bond. Guanosine can be phosphorylated to become GMP (guanosine monophosphate), cGMP (cyclic guanosine monophosphate), GDP (guanosine diphosphate) and GTP (guanosine triphosphate) which are factors in signal transduction pathways.	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB02858	3-(4-Benzenesulfonyl-Thiophene-2-Sulfonylamino)-Phenylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB02859	Soraphen A	experimental			
DB02860	Calyculin A	experimental			
DB02861	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(3,4,5-Trifluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB02862	Gluco-Phenylimidazole	experimental			
DB02864	Biliverdin Ix Gamma Chromophore	experimental			
DB02865	Glucosamine 4-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02866	Dansylamide	experimental			
DB02867	D-Mannose 1-Phosphate	experimental		Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Fructosuria,Fructose Intolerance, Hereditary	
DB02868	Deacetoxyvinzolidine	experimental			
DB02869	3-amino-5-phenylpentane	experimental	3-amino-5-phenylpentane is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylpropylamines. These are compounds containing a phenylpropylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the third carbon by a propan-1-amine. 3-amino-5-phenylpentane targets the proteins cathepsin K and cathepsin L2.		
DB02870	N-Allylaniline	experimental			
DB02871	3-Butylthiolane 1-Oxide	experimental			
DB02872	Cis-[4,5-Bis-(4-Bromophenyl)-2-(2-Ethoxy-4-Methoxyphenyl)-4,5-Dihydroimidazol-1-Yl]-[4-(2-Hydroxyethyl)Piperazin-1-Yl]Methanone	experimental			
DB02873	1-(2,6-Dichlorophenyl)-5-(2,4-Difluorophenyl)-7-Piperazin-1-Yl-3,4-Dihydroquinazolin-2(1h)-One	experimental			
DB02875	CRA_1802	experimental			
DB02876	3-(4-carbamoyl-1-carboxy-2-methylsulfonyl-buta-1,3-dienylamino)-indolizine-2-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB02877	Arotinoid acid	experimental	Arotinoid acid is a retinoic acid analog which acts as a selective RAR agonist.		
DB02878	3-(2-Aminoethyl)-4-(Aminomethyl)Heptanedioic Acid	experimental			
DB02879	2,3-Di-O-Sulfo-Alpha-D-Glucopyranose	experimental			
DB02880	N-[(1R)-1-(4-Bromophenyl)ethyl]-5-fluoro-2-hydroxybenzamide	experimental			
DB02881	4-(4-Hydroxy-3-Isopropylphenylthio)-2-Isopropylphenol	experimental			
DB02882	Cyanocinnoline	experimental			
DB02883	2',3'-Dideoxycytidine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB02884	3-Cyclohexyl-L-alanine	experimental			
DB02885	4-Imino-5-Methidyl-2-Trifluoromethylpyrimidine	experimental			
DB02887	Stavudine triphosphate	experimental			
DB02888	FKB-001	experimental			
DB02889	4-O-(4,6-Dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-Trihydroxy-3-(Hydroxymethyl)Cyclohex-2-En-1-Yl]Amino}-Beta-D-Lyxo-Hexopyranosyl)-Alpha-D-Erythro-Hexopyranose	experimental			
DB02890	6-hydroxyuridine-5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB02891	Tricyclazole	experimental,investigational			
DB02892	L-2-Amino-6-Methylene-Pimelic Acid	experimental			
DB02893	D-Methionine	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB02894	Sulfamic Acid 2,3-O-(1-Methylethylidene)-4,5-O-Sulfonyl-Beta-Fructopyranose Ester	experimental			
DB02895	3-(Prop-2-Ene-1-Sulfinyl)-Propene-1-Thiol	experimental			
DB02896	Methylthioinosine	experimental	An analog of inosine with a methylthio group replacing the hydroxyl group in the 6-position.		
DB02897	Acetylphosphate	experimental		Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB02898	(5R)-5-{[(2-Amino-3H-purin-6-yl)oxy]methyl}-2-pyrrolidinone	experimental			
DB02899	N-Carboxymethionine	experimental			
DB02900	alpha-D-mannose 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB02901	Stanolone	illicit,investigational	A potent androgenic metabolite of testosterone. Dihydrotestosterone (DHT) is generated by a 5-alpha reduction of testosterone. Unlike testosterone, DHT cannot be aromatized to estradiol therefore DHT is considered a pure androgenic steroid.		
DB02902	3'-phospho-5'-adenylyl sulfate	experimental	3'-phospho-5'-adenylyl sulfate is a key intermediate in the formation by living cells of sulfate esters of phenols, alcohols, steroids, sulfated polysaccharides, and simple esters, such as choline sulfate. It is formed from sulfate ion and ATP in a two-step process. This compound also is an important step in the process of sulfur fixation in plants and microorganisms.		
DB02903	1,3-bis-([[3-(4-{3-[3-nitro-5-(galactopyranosyloxy)-benzoylamino]-propyl}-piperazin-1-yl)-propylamino-3,4-dioxo-cyclobutenyl]-amino-ethyl]-amino-carbonyloxy)-2-amino-propane	experimental			
DB02904	Beta-3-Serine	experimental			
DB02905	N7-(5'-Phospho-alpha-ribosyl)-2-hydroxypurine	experimental			
DB02906	(2s,4s)-Alpha-Campholinic Acid	experimental			
DB02907	2-Amino-Vinyl-Phosphate	experimental			
DB02908	RU78783	experimental			
DB02909	5-(2-Chlorophenyl)Furan-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02910	Octanoyl-Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB02911	2,4-Diamino-6-Phenyl-5,6,7,8,-Tetrahydropteridine	experimental			
DB02912	Propanoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB02914	Anhydrovitamin A	experimental			
DB02915	4-(2,4-Dimethyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)-N-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-2-pyrimidinamine	experimental			
DB02916	[(2r,3s,4r,5r)-5-(6-Amino-9h-Purin-9-Yl)-3,4-Dihydroxytetrahydro-2-Furanyl]Methyl Sulfamate	experimental			
DB02917	N-Hydroxy-4-(Methyl{[5-(2-Pyridinyl)-2-Thienyl]Sulfonyl}Amino)Benzamide	experimental			
DB02918	Zardaverine	experimental			
DB02919	2,4-Diamino-6-[N-(3',4',5'-Trimethoxybenzyl)-N-Methylamino]Pyrido[2,3-D]Pyrimidine	experimental			
DB02920	Zn(Ii)-(20-Oxo-Protoporphyrin Ix)	experimental			
DB02921	(South)-Methanocarba-Thymidine	experimental			
DB02922	Hexafluoroacetone Hydrate	experimental			
DB02923	Biphenyl-2,3-Diol	experimental			
DB02924	(4R)-limonene 1α,2α-epoxide	experimental			
DB02925	Piretanide	approved	Piretanide (INN, trade names Arelix, Eurelix, Tauliz) has been synthesized in 1973 at Hoechst AG (Germany) as a loop diuretic compound by using a then-new method for introducing cyclic amine residues in an aromatic nucleus in the presence of other aromatically bonded functional groups.		
DB02927	Mixed Carbamic Phosphoric Acid Anhydride of 7,8-Diaminononanic Acid	experimental			
DB02928	3-Amino-6-Hydroxy-Tyrosine	experimental			
DB02929	K201 free base	experimental,investigational			
DB02930	Adenosine 5'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate	experimental	A nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is ATP in which one of the oxygens attached to 3-phosphate group is replaced by sulfur.		
DB02931	CoA-s-acetyl tryptamine	experimental			
DB02932	(R)-Bicalutamide	experimental			
DB02933	5'-Deoxy-5'-(Methylthio)-Tubercidin	experimental			
DB02934	9-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-talofuranosyl)-6-methylpurine	experimental			
DB02935	Diglyme	experimental			
DB02936	4-(1-Benzyl-3-Carbamoylmethyl-2-Methyl-1h-Indol-5-Yloxy)-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB02937	Gamma-Arsono-Beta, Gamma-Methyleneadenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental	Adenylic acid. Adenine nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the sugar moiety in the 2&#39;-, 3&#39;-, or 5&#39;-position. [PubChem]		
DB02938	Heptanoic acid	experimental,investigational			
DB02940	(4s)-2-[(1e)-1-Aminoprop-1-Enyl]-4,5-Dihydro-1,3-Thiazole-4-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB02941	3-(1-Aminoethyl)Nonanedioic Acid	experimental			
DB02942	Inositol 1,3-Bisphosphate	experimental			
DB02943	N-(4-Aminobutanoyl)-S-(4-methoxybenzyl)-L-cysteinylglycine	experimental			
DB02945	alpha-L-iduronic acid	experimental			
DB02946	Carpropamide	experimental			
DB02947	2-Fluoro-2'-Deoxyadenosine	experimental			
DB02948	Fosmidomycin	experimental,investigational			
DB02949	2-Acetyl-Protoporphyrin Ix	experimental			
DB02950	Hymenialdisine	experimental			
DB02951	3-Hydroxypyruvic Acid	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB02952	2-aminoisobutyric acid	experimental			
DB02953	2-Thiomethyl-3-Phenylpropanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02954	(Carboxyhydroxyamino)Ethanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02955	Ricinoleic Acid	experimental			
DB02956	Pentasulfide-Sulfur	experimental			
DB02957	Orotidylic acid	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB02958	Selenomethionine Selenoxide	experimental			
DB02959	Oxitriptan	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	5-Hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP), also known as oxitriptan (INN), is a naturally occurring amino acid and metabolic intermediate in the synthesis of serotonin and melatonin. 5-HTP is sold over-the-counter in the United Kingdom, United States and Canada as a dietary supplement for use as an antidepressant, appetite suppressant, and sleep aid, and is also marketed in many European countries for the indication of major depression under trade names like Cincofarm, Levothym, Levotonine, Oxyfan, Telesol, Tript-OH, and Triptum. Several double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials have demonstrated the effectiveness of 5-HTP in the treatment of depression, though a lack of high quality studies has been noted. More study is needed to determine efficacy in treating depression.	Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB02960	1-Carboxyethylaminomethyl-4-Aminomethylbenzene	experimental			
DB02961	Rhamnose	experimental	A methylpentose whose L- isomer is found naturally in many plant glycosides and some gram-negative bacterial lipopolysaccharides. [PubChem]		
DB02962	Benzimidazole	experimental,investigational			
DB02963	(5-Chloropyrazolo[1,5-a]Pyrimidin-7-Yl)-(4-Methanesulfonylphenyl)Amine	experimental			
DB02964	8,9,10-Trihydroxy-7-hydroxymethyl-2-thioxo-6-oxa-1,3-diaza-spiro[4.5]decan-4-one	experimental			
DB02965	Ndelta-(N'-Sulphodiaminophosphinyl)-L-Ornithine	experimental			
DB02966	Fluoro-Willardiine	experimental			
DB02967	N-Ethylmaleimide	experimental	A sulfhydryl reagent that is widely used in experimental biochemical studies. [PubChem]		
DB02968	Penicillin G Acyl-Serine	experimental			
DB02969	5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole	experimental			
DB02970	2-Propyl-Aniline	experimental			
DB02971	2-Amino-4-(2-Amino-Ethoxy)-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB02972	1-Benzyl-(R)-Propylamine	experimental			
DB02973	4-(5-Bromo-2-Oxo-2h-Indol-3-Ylazo)-Benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB02974	4-(4-Chlorophenyl)Imidazole	experimental			
DB02975	GE-2270A	experimental			
DB02976	Uridine-5'-diphosphate-2-deoxy-2-fluorogalactose	experimental			
DB02977	PNU177836	experimental			
DB02978	Beta-Hydroxyleucine	experimental			
DB02979	N1,N14-Bis((S-Methyl)Isothioureido)Tetradecane	experimental			
DB02980	Thymidine-5'-(dithio)phosphate	experimental			
DB02981	Vitamin B6 Complexed with 2-Amino-Hexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02982	Bombykol	experimental			
DB02983	Para-Mercury-Benzenesulfonic Acid	experimental			
DB02984	4-[3-Methylsulfanylanilino]-6,7-Dimethoxyquinazoline	experimental			
DB02985	8-iodo-guanine	experimental			
DB02986	N-(2-Thienylmethyl)-2,5-Thiophenedisulfonamide	experimental			
DB02987	Cysteine-S-acetamide	experimental			
DB02988	Imino-Tryptophan	experimental			
DB02989	CRA_10972	experimental			
DB02990	S-(2-Acetamidoethyl) hexadecanethioate	experimental			
DB02991	S-Ethyl-N-[4-(Trifluoromethyl)Phenyl]Isothiourea	experimental			
DB02992	1-Deoxy-6-O-Phosphono-1-[(Phosphonomethyl)Amino]-L-Threo-Hexitol	experimental			
DB02993	8-Methyl-9-Oxoguanine	experimental			
DB02994	Cacodylic acid	experimental			
DB02995	Cyclohexylammonium Ion	experimental			
DB02996	2-(Thiomethylene)-4-Methylpentanoic Acid	experimental			
DB02998	Metribolone	experimental	A synthetic non-aromatizable androgen and anabolic steroid. It binds strongly to the androgen receptor and has therefore also been used as an affinity label for this receptor in the prostate and in prostatic tumors.		
DB02999	Quisqualic acid	experimental	Quisqualic acid is an agonist at two subsets of excitatory amino acid receptors, ionotropic receptors that directly control membrane channels and metabotropic receptors that indirectly mediate calcium mobilization from intracellular stores. The compound is obtained from the seeds and fruit of _Quisqualis chinensis_.		
DB03000	S-9-(2-hydroxypropyl)adenine	experimental			
DB03001	Peridinin	experimental			
DB03002	p-Iodophenol	experimental			
DB03003	Glutathione sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03004	(2S)-2-amino-6-[[(3R,4R)-1-[(1S)-1-carboxy-2-[(S)-methylsulfinyl]ethyl]-2-oxo-4-sulfanylazetidin-3-yl]amino]-6-oxohexanoic acid	experimental			
DB03005	3,8-Diamino-6-Phenyl-5-[6-[1-[2-[(1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-9-Acridinyl)Amino]Ethyl]-1h-1,2,3-Triazol-5-Yl]Hexyl]-Phenanthridinium	experimental			
DB03006	Arsanilic acid	experimental,vet_approved	An arsenical which has been used as a feed additive for enteric conditions in pigs and poultry. It causes blindness and is ototoxic and nephrotoxic in animals. [PubChem]		
DB03007	9r,13r-Opda	experimental			
DB03008	5-fluoro-beta-L-gulosyl fluoride	experimental			
DB03009	2-{[2-Oxo-2-(1-piperidinyl)ethyl]sulfanyl}-6-(trifluoromethyl)-4(1H)-pyrimidinone	experimental			
DB03010	Patupilone	experimental,investigational	Epothilone B is a 16-membered macrolide that mimics the biological effects of taxol.		
DB03011	Adenosine-5'-(Dithio)Phosphate	experimental			
DB03012	Phenylalanine-N-Sulfonamide	experimental			
DB03013	N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine	experimental			
DB03015	6-hydroxy-1,6-dihydro purine nucleoside	experimental			
DB03016	CRA_1801	experimental			
DB03017	Lauric acid	approved,experimental	Lauric acid is an inexpensive, non-toxic and safe to handle compound often used in laboratory investigations of melting-point depression. Lauric acid is a solid at room temperature but melts easily in boiling water, so liquid lauric acid can be treated with various solutes and used to determine their molecular masses.	Fatty Acid Biosynthesis,Beta Oxidation of Very Long Chain Fatty Acids,Mitochondrial Beta-Oxidation of Medium Chain Saturated Fatty Acids,Adrenoleukodystrophy, X-Linked,Carnitine-Acylcarnitine Translocase Deficiency	
DB03018	3,4-dimethylaniline	experimental			
DB03019	4-(2,5-Dichloro-Thiophen-3-Yl)-Pyrimidin-2-Ylamine	experimental			
DB03020	5-beta-D-ribofuranosylnicotinamide adenine dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03021	Ulapualide A	experimental			
DB03022	3-[2,6,8-Trioxo-9-[(2R,3S,4R)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxypentyl]-3H-purin-7-yl]propyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB03023	1-Tert-Butyl-3-(4-Chloro-Phenyl)-1h-Pyrazolo[3,4-D]Pyrimidin-4-Ylamine	experimental			
DB03024	2-Methyl-3-(2-Aminothiazolo)Propanal	experimental			
DB03025	(S)-oct-1-en-3-ol	experimental			
DB03026	Phosphoglycolohydroxamic Acid	experimental			
DB03028	1h-Benoximidazole-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03030	4-(2-Thienyl)-1-(4-Methylbenzyl)-1h-Imidazole	experimental			
DB03031	Adamantane-1-Carboxylic Acid-5-Dimethylamino-Naphthalene-1-Sulfonylamino-Octyl-Amide	experimental			
DB03032	S-octylglutathione	experimental			
DB03033	4-methoxybenzenesulfinate	experimental			
DB03034	D-Levofloxacin	experimental	A synthetic fluoroquinolone (FLUOROQUINOLONES) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA GYRASE, halting DNA REPLICATION.		
DB03035	1,8-Di-Hydroxy-4-Nitro-Anthraquinone	experimental			
DB03037	Oxidized Acetyl Dithranol	experimental			
DB03038	LY341770	experimental			
DB03039	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(2,5-Difluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03040	Nitrilotriacetic acid	experimental	Nitrilotriacetic acid is a derivative of acetic acid, N(CH2COOH)3. It is a complexing (sequestering) agent that forms stable complexes with Zn2+. (From Miall's Dictionary of Chemistry, 5th ed.)		
DB03041	UDP-alpha-D-glucuronic acid	experimental	A nucleoside diphosphate sugar which serves as a source of glucuronic acid for polysaccharide biosynthesis. It may also be epimerized to UDP iduronic acid, which donates iduronic acid to polysaccharides. In animals, UDP glucuronic acid is used for formation of many glucosiduronides with various aglycones. [PubChem]		
DB03042	5-Phosphoarabinonic Acid	experimental			
DB03043	(S)-2-Amino-3-(6h-Selenolo[2,3-B]-Pyrrol-4-Yl)-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03044	Doramapimod	investigational	Doramapimod is a P38 MAP kinase inhibitor.		
DB03045	Pantothenyl-Aminoethanol-Acetate Pivalic Acid	experimental			
DB03046	7-Methoxy-8-[1-(Methylsulfonyl)-1h-Pyrazol-4-Yl]Naphthalene-2-Carboximidamide	experimental			
DB03047	L-Alpha-Phosphatidyl-Beta-Oleoyl-Gamma-Palmitoyl-Phosphatidylethanolamine	experimental			
DB03048	6-Carboxymethyluracil	experimental			
DB03049	S-Selanyl Cysteine	experimental			
DB03051	(S)-2-Tetrahydrofuroic acid	experimental			
DB03052	Dazoxiben	experimental			
DB03053	1-Aminocyclopropylphosphonate	experimental			
DB03054	Bromoform	experimental			
DB03056	4-Piperidino-Piperidine	experimental			
DB03057	Malonaldehyde	experimental	Malonaldehyde is the dialdehyde of [malonic acid].		
DB03058	2-Aminobenzyl alcohol	experimental			
DB03059	Acetoacetyl-CoA	experimental			
DB03060	Sri-9662	experimental			
DB03061	(R)-N-(1-Methyl-Hexyl)-Formamide	experimental			
DB03062	(1-Methyl-1h-Imidazol-2-Yl)-(3-Methyl-4-{3-[(Pyridin-3-Ylmethyl)-Amino]-Propoxy}-Benzofuran-2-Yl)-Methanone	experimental			
DB03063	N-[(2S,3S)-4-[2-[(5S)-3a,4,5,6,7,7a-Hexahydro-1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl]ethyl-[3-(1,3-dioxoisoindol-2-yl)propanoyl]amino]-3-hydroxy-1-phenylbutan-2-yl]-3,5-dimethoxy-4-phenylmethoxybenzamide	experimental			
DB03064	3-Decyl-2,5-Dioxo-4-Hydroxy-3-Pyrroline	experimental			
DB03065	7-Nitroindazole-2-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB03066	D-Lactic acid	experimental	A normal intermediate in the fermentation (oxidation, metabolism) of sugar. The concentrated form is used internally to prevent gastrointestinal fermentation. (From Stedman, 26th ed)	Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Pyruvaldehyde Degradation,Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB03067	4-{2,4-Bis[(3-Nitrobenzoyl)Amino]Phenoxy}Phthalic Acid	experimental			
DB03068	Zebularine	experimental	A chemically stable, cytidine analog that displays anti-tumor properties. It acts as a transition state analog inhibitor of cytidine deaminase by binding to the active site as covalent hydrates. Also shown to inhibit DNA methylation and tumor growth both in vitro and in vivo.		
DB03069	Cytidine-5'-diphospho-beta-D-xylose	experimental			
DB03070	Selenazole-4-carboxyamide-adenine dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03071	4-Methylidene-5-One	experimental			
DB03072	2-{3-[4-(4-Fluorophenyl)-3,6-Dihydro-1(2h)-Pyridinyl]Propyl}-8-Methyl-4(3h)-Quinazolinone	experimental			
DB03073	3-Methoxybenzamide	experimental			
DB03074	7-cyano-7-deazaguanine	experimental			
DB03075	(Diphosphono)Aminophosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03076	3-[[(3R,4S,5S,6R)-7-Benzyl-4,5-dihydroxy-1,1-dioxo-3,6-bis(phenoxymethyl)-1,2,7-thiadiazepan-2-yl]methyl]-N-methylbenzamide	experimental			
DB03077	3-Amino-4-{3-[2-(2-Propoxy-Ethoxy)-Ethoxy]-Propylamino}-Cyclobut-3-Ene-1,2-Dione	experimental			
DB03078	PASBN	experimental			
DB03079	Alpha-Ribazole-5'-Phosphate Derivative	experimental			
DB03081	[N-[N-(4-Methoxy-2,3,6-trimethylphenylsulfonyl)-L-aspartyl]-D-(4-amidino-phenylalanyl)]-piperidine	experimental			
DB03082	6-[(Z)-Amino(Imino)Methyl]-N-[4-(Aminomethyl)Phenyl]-4-(Pyrimidin-2-Ylamino)-2-Naphthamide	experimental			
DB03083	IC261	experimental			
DB03084	Cyclopropyl-{4-[5-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-2-[(1-Methyl)-Piperidin]-4-Yl-3-Propyl-3h-Imidazol-4-Yl]-Pyrimidin-2-Yl}Amine	experimental			
DB03085	Glycolic acid	approved,investigational			
DB03086	N'-(2s,3r)-3-Amino-4-Cyclohexyl-2-Hydroxy-Butano-N-(4-Methylphenyl)Hydrazide	experimental			
DB03087	2-(Sec-Butyl)Thiazole	experimental			
DB03088	Pidolic acid	approved,investigational	Pidolic acid is a naturally occurring but little-studied amino acid derivative that can be formed enzymatically or non-enzymatically and participates as a biological intermediate with unique pharmacodynamics in various chemical pathways [A32991, L2729]. Elevations of the acid in blood levels may be associated with problems of glutamine or glutathione metabolism [L2729]. Pidolic acid, in general, is found in large quantities in brain tissue and other tissues in bound form, like skin [L2729].There are currently little to no medicines available that are clinically approved or marketed for employing pidolic acid as an active ingredient for any particular formal indication. Although pidolic acid is included in some over-the-counter, non-prescription dietary supplements for the proposed purpose of facilitating cognitive or memory enhancement, most available research suggest exercising caution in their recommendation as much more research is necessary [A32981, A32982].	gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,5-Oxoprolinase Deficiency,Glutathione Metabolism,5-Oxoprolinuria,Glutathione Synthetase Deficiency	
DB03090	Ethylaminobenzylmethylcarbonyl Group	experimental			
DB03091	Isoglutamine	experimental			
DB03092	5-Hydroxymethyl-Chonduritol	experimental			
DB03093	8-(2,5-Dimethoxy-Benzyl)-2-Fluoro-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB03094	3,5-Dihydro-5-Methylidene-4h-Imidazol-4-On	experimental			
DB03095	Tetramethylammonium	experimental			
DB03096	2-Morpholinoethylamine	experimental			
DB03097	PMP-hydroxyisoxazole, pyridoxamine-5-phosphate-hydroxyisoxazole	experimental			
DB03098	[Methylseleno]Acetate	experimental			
DB03099	5-Amino 6-Nitro Uracil	experimental			
DB03100	6-Nitroindazole	experimental			
DB03101	Ribose-1-Phosphate	experimental		Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Ribose-5-phosphate Isomerase Deficiency,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Nicotinate and Nicotinamide Metabolism,Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II,Transaldolase Deficiency	
DB03102	2-(Oxalyl-Amino)-4,7-Dihydro-5h-Thieno[2,3-C]Pyran-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03103	Thymidine-5'- Diphosphate	experimental			
DB03104	2-[4-[(Z)-2-Acetamido-3-oxo-3-[[(3S)-2-oxo-1-[(4-phenylphenyl)methyl]azepan-3-yl]amino]prop-1-enyl]-2-formylphenyl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB03105	L-Pentahomoserine	experimental			
DB03106	scyllo-inositol	investigational	An isomer of glucose that has traditionally been considered to be a B vitamin although it has an uncertain status as a vitamin and a deficiency syndrome has not been identified in man. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1379) Inositol phospholipids are important in signal transduction.  Scyllitol has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB03107	beta-Alanine	experimental	beta-Alanine is an amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of [dihydrouracil] and [carnosine]. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported.	Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency,Propanoate Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Histidinemia,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Alanine Metabolism,Aspartate Metabolism,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Canavan Disease,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Hypoacetylaspartia,Malonic Aciduria,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),GABA-Transaminase Deficiency,Ureidopropionase Deficiency	
DB03108	4-phospho-D-erythronic acid	experimental			
DB03109	2-acetylamino-2-deoxy-b-D-allopyranose	experimental			
DB03110	2-Chlorophenol	experimental			
DB03111	Glucosamine 1-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03112	6-(2-Oxo-Hexahydro-Thieno[3,4-D]Imidazol-4-Yl)-Hexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03113	3-Fluoro-2-(Phosphonooxy)Propanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03114	PAS219	experimental			
DB03115	5-Bromo-N-[(2S)-2,3-dihydroxypropoxy]-3,4-difluoro-2-[(2-fluoro-4-iodophenyl)amino]benzamide	experimental			
DB03116	5-(1-Carboxy-1-Phosphonooxy-Ethoxyl)-Shikimate-3-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03117	2-carboxypropyl-coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03118	(2Z)-1-(5-Chloro-1H-indol-3-yl)-3-hydroxy-3-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-2-propen-1-one	experimental			
DB03120	p-Toluenesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03121	(1-Benzyl-5-methoxy-2-methyl-1H-indol-3-yl)acetic acid	experimental			
DB03124	5-[4-(1-Carboxymethyl-2-Oxo-Propylcarbamoyl)-Benzylsulfamoyl]-2-Hydroxy-Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB03125	2,4-Diamino-5-(3,4,5-Trimethoxy-Benzyl)-Pyrimidin-1-Ium	experimental			
DB03126	Mant-Adp	experimental			
DB03127	Benzamidine	experimental			
DB03128	Acetylcholine	approved,investigational	A neurotransmitter. Acetylcholine in vertebrates is the major transmitter at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. It is generally not used as an administered drug because it is broken down very rapidly by cholinesterases, but it is useful in some ophthalmological applications.	Cimetidine Action Pathway,Gastric Acid Production,Betazole Action Pathway,Phospholipid Biosynthesis,Nizatidine Action Pathway,Lafutidine H2-Antihistamine Action,Esomeprazole Action Pathway,Omeprazole Action Pathway,Lansoprazole Action Pathway,Pantoprazole Action Pathway,Rabeprazole Action Pathway,Ranitidine Action Pathway,Famotidine Action Pathway,Pirenzepine Action Pathway,Roxatidine Acetate Action Pathway,Metiamide Action Pathway	
DB03129	Diamino-N-[3-(1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yloxy)propyl]methaniminium	experimental			
DB03130	S-P-Nitrobenzyloxycarbonylglutathione	experimental			
DB03132	3-(2-Benzothiazolylthio)-1-Propanesulfonic Acid	experimental			
DB03133	2-(Beta-D-Glucopyranosyl)-5-Methyl-1,2,3-Benzimidazole	experimental			
DB03134	L-2-aminopimelic acid	experimental			
DB03135	[2(Formyl-Hydroxy-Amino)-Ethyl]-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03136	4-Iodobenzo[B]Thiophene-2-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB03137	8-(2,5-Dimethoxy-Benzyl)-2-Fluoro-9-Pent-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB03138	Perchlorate	experimental			
DB03139	6-[5-(2-Oxo-Hexahydro-Thieno[3,4-D]Imidazol-4-Yl)-Pentanoylamino]-Hexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03140	4-Carboxyphenylboronic Acid	experimental			
DB03141	3-{[(5R,6R)-5-Benzyl-6-hydroxy-2,4-bis(4-hydroxybenzyl)-3-oxo-1,2,4-triazepan-1-yl]sulfonyl}benzonitril	experimental			
DB03142	Alpha-L-Arabinose	experimental			
DB03143	Nonan-1-Ol	experimental			
DB03144	N(5)-[(hydroxyamino)(imino)methyl]-L-ornithine	experimental		Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency	
DB03145	4-Methyl-5-Hydroxyethylthiazole Phosphate	experimental			
DB03146	2-deazo-6-thiophosphate guanosine-5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03147	Flavin adenine dinucleotide	approved	A condensation product of riboflavin and adenosine diphosphate. The coenzyme of various aerobic dehydrogenases, e.g., D-amino acid oxidase and L-amino acid oxidase. (Lehninger, Principles of Biochemistry, 1982, p972)Flavin adenine dinucleotide is approved for use in Japan under the trade name Adeflavin as an ophthalmic treatment for vitamin B2 deficiency.	Glutathione Metabolism,Caffeine Metabolism,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,Lysine Degradation,Folate Metabolism,Tryptophan Metabolism,Riboflavin Metabolism,Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Glycerol Phosphate Shuttle,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,5-Oxoprolinuria,Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Ethylmalonic Encephalopathy,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Glycerol Kinase Deficiency,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Phenylketonuria,Hypercholesterolemia,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Short-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (SCAD Deficiency),Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB03148	Adenosine 5'-methylenediphosphate	experimental			
DB03150	2',3'-Dideoxythymidine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03151	mu4-sulfido-quadro-tetracopper	experimental			
DB03152	B-2-Octylglucoside	experimental			
DB03153	3H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-7-ol	experimental			
DB03154	{[7-(Difluoro-Phosphono-Methyl)-Naphthalen-2-Yl]-Difluoro-Methyl}-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03155	2'-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine 3'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03156	beta-D-glucuronic acid	experimental			
DB03157	N,O-Didansyl-L-Tyrosine	experimental			
DB03158	D-Myo-Inositol-1,4-Bisphosphate	experimental			
DB03159	CRA_8696	experimental			
DB03160	N-Pyridoxyl-7-Keto-8-Aminopelargonic Acid-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03161	Thymidine-5'-diphospho-beta-D-xylose	experimental			
DB03162	4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1,2,5-thiadiazole-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03163	2-oxopropyl-CoM	experimental			
DB03164	6-amino-1-methyl-7H-purin-1-ium	experimental			
DB03165	2-Dimethylamino-Ethyl-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB03166	Acetic acid	approved	Acetic acid is a product of the oxidation of ethanol and of the destructive distillation of wood. It is used locally, occasionally internally, as a counterirritant and also as a reagent. (Stedman, 26th ed) Acetic acid otic (for the ear) is an antibiotic that treats infections caused by bacteria or fungus.	Aspartate Metabolism,Canavan Disease,Hypoacetylaspartia,Amino Sugar Metabolism,Ethanol Degradation,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Heroin Metabolism Pathway,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Tay-Sachs Disease,Heroin Action Pathway,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Fatty Acid Biosynthesis,Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB03167	Pentabromophenol	experimental			
DB03168	Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide cyclohexanone	experimental			
DB03169	(S)-Hmg-Coa	experimental			
DB03170	Dephospho Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03171	Indole-3-Propanol Phosphate	experimental			
DB03172	Tubercidin	experimental	An antibiotic purine ribonucleoside that readily substitutes for adenosine in the biological system, but its incorporation into DNA and RNA has an inhibitory effect on the metabolism of these nucleic acids.		
DB03173	CRA_10433	experimental			
DB03174	Phosphonoacetaldehyde	experimental			
DB03175	Propyl alcohol	approved	A colorless liquid made by oxidation of aliphatic hydrocarbons that is used as a solvent and chemical intermediate.	Sulfite Oxidase Deficiency,Sulfate/Sulfite Metabolism	
DB03176	KB-141	experimental	An anticholesteremic agent.		
DB03177	5-methylbenzimidazole	experimental			
DB03178	Guanosine-2',3'-cyclophosphorothioate	experimental			
DB03179	Sinapoyl coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03180	4,5-Dimethyl-1,2-phenylenediamine	experimental			
DB03181	2-[4-(4-Hydroxy-3-Isopropyl-Phenoxy)-3,5-Dimethyl-Phenyl]-2h-[1,2,4]Triazine-3,5-Dione	experimental			
DB03182	alpha-Fluoro-carboxymethyldethia coenzyme A complex	experimental			
DB03183	1-(4-Aminophenyl)-3,5-Dimethyl-1h-Pyrazole-4-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB03184	5-Amino-3-Methyl-Pyrrolidine-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03185	1-Beta-Ribofuranosyl-1,3-Diazepinone	experimental			
DB03186	Adenylate-3'-phosphate-[[2'-deoxy-uridine-5'-phosphate]-3'-phosphate]	experimental			
DB03187	6-(Hydroxyethyldithio)-8-(Aminomethylthio)Octanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03189	Cu-Cyclam	experimental			
DB03190	6-o-Capryloylsucrose	experimental			
DB03191	3-Oxiran-2ylalanine	experimental			
DB03192	(R)-3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB03193	Stearic acid	approved,experimental	Stearic acid (IUPAC systematic name: octadecanoic acid) is one of the useful types of saturated fatty acids that comes from many animal and vegetable fats and oils. It is a waxy solid.	Mitochondrial Beta-Oxidation of Long Chain Saturated Fatty Acids,Plasmalogen Synthesis	
DB03194	Methyl beta-L-fucopyranoside	experimental			
DB03195	3'-Fluoro-3'-deoxythymidine 5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03196	4-Nitrophenyl-Ara	experimental			
DB03197	6-Hydroxymethylpterin	experimental			
DB03198	Thio-Maltohexaose	experimental			
DB03199	4-Methoxy-E-Rhodomycin T	experimental			
DB03200	7-Alpha-D-Ribofuranosyl-Purine-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03201	D-Cysteine	experimental	A thiol-containing non-essential amino acid that is oxidized to form CYSTINE.		
DB03202	2-[5-Methanesulfonylamino-2-(4-Aminophenyl)-6-Oxo-1,6-Dihydro-1-Pyrimidinyl]-N-(3,3,3-Trifluoro-1-Isopropyl-2-Oxopropyl)Acetamide	experimental			
DB03203	Sphingosine	experimental	An amino alcohol with a long unsaturated hydrocarbon chain. Sphingosine and its derivative sphinganine are the major bases of the sphingolipids in mammals. (Dorland, 28th ed)		
DB03204	4-amino-5-aminomethyl-2-methylpyrimidine	experimental			
DB03205	Pyrroloquinoline Quinone	experimental	A pyrrolo-quinoline having two adjacent keto-groups at the 4 and 5 positions and three acidic carboxyl groups. It is a coenzyme of some DEHYDROGENASES. [PubChem]	Aromatic L-Aminoacid Decarboxylase Deficiency,Tyrosine Metabolism,Catecholamine Biosynthesis,Tyrosinemia Type I,Disulfiram Action Pathway,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Tyrosine Hydroxylase Deficiency,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB03206	Duvoglustat	investigational	An alpha-glucosidase inhibitor with antiviral action. Derivatives of deoxynojirimycin may have anti-HIV activity.		
DB03207	2-(Biphenyl-4-Sulfonyl)-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Isoquinoline-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03208	Beta-1,2,3,4,6-Penta-O-Galloyl-D-Glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03209	Oteracil	approved	Oteracil is an adjunct to antineoplastic therapy, used to reduce the toxic side effects associated with chemotherapy. Approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in March 2011, Oteracil is available in combination with [DB09257] and [DB09256] within the commercially available product "Teysuno". The main active ingredient in Teysuno is [DB09256], a pro-drug of [DB00544] (5-FU), which is a cytotoxic anti-metabolite drug that acts on rapidly dividing cancer cells. By mimicking a class of compounds called "pyrimidines" that are essential components of RNA and DNA, 5-FU is able to insert itself into strands of DNA and RNA, thereby halting the replication process necessary for continued cancer growth.Oteracil's main role within Teysuno is to reduce the activity of 5-FU within normal gastrointestinal mucosa, and therefore reduce's gastrointestinal toxicity [L933]. It functions by blocking the enzyme orotate phosphoribosyltransferase (OPRT), which is involved in the production of 5-FU.		
DB03210	4-Aminohydrocinnamic Acid	experimental			
DB03211	(3-Formyl-but-3-Enyl)-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03212	4-Deoxyglucarate	experimental			
DB03213	Bis(5-Amidino-2-Benzimidazolyl)Methane Ketone	experimental			
DB03214	Vinylglycine	experimental	Vinylglycine is an irreversible inhibitor of aspartate aminotransferase.		
DB03215	(2s,5s)-5-Carboxymethylproline	experimental			
DB03216	(1'R,2'S)-9-(2-Hydroxy-3'-Keto-Cyclopenten-1-yl)Adenine	experimental			
DB03217	DPI59	experimental			
DB03218	N-acetyl-N'-beta-D-glucopyranosyl urea	experimental			
DB03219	11-Deoxy-Beta-Rhodomycin	experimental			
DB03220	FR-234938	experimental			
DB03221	AL7099A	experimental			
DB03222	dATP	experimental			
DB03223	Diphthamide	experimental			
DB03224	2-Formyl-Protoporphryn Ix	experimental			
DB03225	D-Tryptophan	experimental	Tryptophan is one of the 20 standard amino acids, as well as an essential amino acid in the human diet. It is encoded in the standard genetic code as the codon UGG. The D-stereoisomer is occasionally found in naturally produced peptides (for example, the marine venom peptide contryphan). The distinguishing structural characteristic of tryptophan is that it contains an indole functional group. It is an essential amino acid as defined by its growth effects on rats.		
DB03226	Trifluoroethanol	experimental	A non-aqueous co-solvent that serves as tool to study protein folding. It is also used in various pharmaceutical, chemical and engineering applications.		
DB03227	Nicotinamide Mononucleotide	experimental	3-Carbamoyl-1-beta-D-ribofuranosyl pyridinium hydroxide-5&#39;phosphate, inner salt. A nucleotide in which the nitrogenous base, nicotinamide, is in beta-N-glycosidic linkage with the C-1 position of D-ribose. Synonyms: Nicotinamide Ribonucleotide; NMN. [PubChem]		
DB03228	5-[Bis-2(Chloro-Ethyl)-Amino]-2,4-Dintro-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03229	alpha-Ketoisocaproic acid	experimental		3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Isovaleric Acidemia,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Acid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Aciduria	
DB03230	Adenosine-5'-Propylphosphate	experimental			
DB03231	3-(5-Amino-7-oxo-3,7-dihydro-2H-[1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidin-2-yl)-N-(2-{[2-(hydroxymethyl)phenyl]sulfanyl}benzyl)benzamide	experimental			
DB03232	2-[(2e,6e,10e,14e,18e,22e,26e)-3,7,11,15,19,23,27,31-Octamethyldotriaconta-2,6,10,14,18,22,26,30-Octaenyl]Phenol	experimental			
DB03233	3'-deoxy-3'-aminothymidine monophosphate	experimental			
DB03234	(4'-{[Allyl(Methyl)Amino]Methyl}-1,1'-Biphenyl-4-Yl)(4-Bromophenyl)Methanone	experimental			
DB03235	N-{3-[4-(3-aminopropyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl}-3-(alpha-D-galactopyranosyloxy)-5-nitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB03236	(2s)-4-(Beta-Alanylamino)-2-Aminobutanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03237	2,3-Dihydroxy-5-Oxo-Hexanedioate	experimental			
DB03238	3,5-Difluoroaniline	experimental			
DB03239	3',5'-Dinitro-N-Acetyl-L-Thyronine	experimental			
DB03240	(S)-2-Amino-3-(1,3,5,7-Pentahydro-2,4-Dioxo-Cyclopenta[E]Pyrimidin-1-Yl) Proionic Acid	experimental			
DB03241	1-Amino-1-Carbonyl Pentane	experimental			
DB03242	P-Aminophenyl-Alpha-D-Galactopyranoside	experimental			
DB03243	4-Fluorobenzylamine	experimental			
DB03244	(S)-2-[4-(Aminomethyl)-1h-1,2,3-Triazol-1-Yl]-4-Methylpentanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03245	S-4-Nitrobutyryl-CoA	experimental			
DB03246	Beta-L-Arabinose	experimental			
DB03247	Flavin mononucleotide	approved,investigational	A coenzyme for a number of oxidative enzymes including NADH DEHYDROGENASE. It is the principal form in which RIBOFLAVIN is found in cells and tissues.	Riboflavin Metabolism,Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Doxorubicin Metabolism Pathway,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,beta-Alanine Metabolism,Vitamin B6 Metabolism,Pantothenate and CoA Biosynthesis,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),GABA-Transaminase Deficiency,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Hypophosphatasia,Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Nitric Oxide Signaling Pathway	
DB03248	2-(Phosphonooxy)Butanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03249	2'-O-Methyl-3'-Methyl-3'-Deoxy-Arabinofuranosyl-Thymine-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03250	2-(Beta-D-Glucopyranosyl)-5-Methyl-1,3,4-Benzothiazole	experimental			
DB03251	RWJ-51084	experimental			
DB03252	D-Lysine	experimental	An essential amino acid. It is often added to animal feed. [PubChem]		
DB03253	(2s)-Pyrrolidin-2-Ylmethylamine	experimental			
DB03254	4-Phenyl-1h-Imidazole	experimental			
DB03255	Phenol	approved,experimental	Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract.	Sulfite Oxidase Deficiency,Sulfate/Sulfite Metabolism	
DB03256	(6R)-Folinic acid	experimental			
DB03257	5-[1-(Acetylamino)-3-Methylbutyl]-2,5-Anhydro-3,4-Dideoxy-4-(Methoxycarbonyl)Pentonic Acid	experimental			
DB03258	2'-Deoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate	experimental			
DB03259	2',6'-Dichloro-Biphenyl-2,6-Diol	experimental			
DB03260	Hexamethylene diamine	experimental			
DB03262	Al-6619, [2h-Thieno[3,2-E]-1,2-Thiazine-6-Sulfonamide,2-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-3-(4-Morpholinyl)-, 1,1-Dioxide]	experimental			
DB03263	Thiocellobiose	experimental			
DB03264	Dodecyl-Coa	experimental			
DB03266	Glutaral	experimental	One of the protein CROSS-LINKING REAGENTS that is used as a disinfectant for sterilization of heat-sensitive equipment and as a laboratory reagent, especially as a fixative.		
DB03267	1-Allyl-3-Butyl-8-(N-Acetyl-4-Aminobenzyl)-Xanthine	experimental			
DB03268	RU82197	experimental			
DB03269	4,6-Dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-trihydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)-2-cyclohexen-1-yl]amino}hexopyranose	experimental			
DB03270	2,6-Difluorobenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB03272	4-Bromo-3-(5'-Carboxy-4'-Chloro-2'-Fluorophenyl)-1-Methyl-5-Trifluoromethyl-Pyrazol	experimental			
DB03273	3'-Oxo-Adenosine	experimental			
DB03274	2',5'-Dideoxyuridine	experimental			
DB03275	Cysteinamide	experimental			
DB03276	4-[(10s,14s,18s)-18-(2-Amino-2-Oxoethyl)-14-(1-Naphthylmethyl)-8,17,20-Trioxo-7,16,19-Triazaspiro[5.14]Icos-11-En-10-Yl]Benzylphosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03277	alpha-maltotriose	experimental			
DB03278	D-Treitol	experimental	A four-carbon sugar that is found in algae, fungi, and lichens. It is twice as sweet as sucrose and can be used as a coronary vasodilator. [PubChem]		
DB03279	Dodecyl-Alpha-D-Maltoside	experimental			
DB03280	p1-(5'-adenosyl)p5-(5'-thymidyl)pentaphosphate	experimental			
DB03281	2'-Deoxymaltose	experimental			
DB03283	beta-L-fucose	experimental		Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Fructosuria,Fructose Intolerance, Hereditary	
DB03284	2,6-Anhydro-3-Deoxy-D-Erythro-Hex-2-Enonic Acid	experimental			
DB03285	Isoliquiritigenin	experimental	Isoliquiritigenin is a precursor to several flavonones in many plants.		
DB03286	C-(1-Azido-Alpha-D-Glucopyranosyl) Formamide	experimental			
DB03287	4-(2-Amino-Ethoxy)-2-[(3-Hydroxy-2-Methyl-5-Phosphonooxymethyl-Pyridin-4-Ylmethyl)-Amino]-but-3-Enoic Acid	experimental			
DB03288	5-Chloro-1h-Indole-2-Carboxylic Acid{[Cyclopentyl-(2-Hydroxy-Ethyl)-Carbamoyl]-Methyl}-Amide	experimental			
DB03289	Thiarsa Dihydroxy Cysteine	experimental			
DB03290	L-naphthyl-1-acetamido boronic acid alanine	experimental			
DB03291	4-Deoxy-4-Amino-Beta-D-Glucose	experimental			
DB03292	3-Phosphono-D-alanine	experimental			
DB03293	9-Methyl Uric Acid	experimental			
DB03294	1-Methyl-3-Oxo-1,3-Dihydro-Benzo[C]Isothiazole-5-Sulfonic Acid Amide	experimental			
DB03295	Glutathionylspermidine	experimental			
DB03296	3'-beta-Sialyl-beta-lactose	experimental			
DB03297	Benzylsulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03298	Phenylphosphate	experimental			
DB03299	N-Succinyl Phenylglycine	experimental			
DB03300	Pterin Cytosine Dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03301	2-Allyl-6-Methyl-Phenol	experimental			
DB03302	4,5,6,7-Tetrachloro-3h-Isobenzofuran-1-One	experimental			
DB03303	3-deoxy-D-arabino-hexonic acid	experimental			
DB03304	7-Deaza-7-Aminomethyl-Guanine	experimental			
DB03305	N(G)-Iminoethylornithine	experimental			
DB03306	RU78300	experimental			
DB03307	4-[(6-Amino-4-Pyrimidinyl)Amino]Benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB03308	L-Leucyl-Hydroxylamine	experimental			
DB03309	N-cyclohexyltaurine	experimental			
DB03310	Glutathione disulfide	approved,experimental,investigational	A GLUTATHIONE dimer formed by a disulfide bond between the cysteine sulfhydryl side chains during the course of being oxidized.		
DB03311	3-(3,5-Dibromo-4-Hydroxy-Benzoyl)-2-Ethyl-Benzofuran-6-Sulfonic Acid [4-(Thiazol-2-Ylsulfamoyl)-Phenyl]-Amide	experimental			
DB03312	Brivudine	approved,investigational	Brivudine is used in the treatment of herpes zoster. Although not approved in the U.S. or Canada, it is approved in several European countries.		
DB03313	Cephalosporin C	experimental			
DB03314	5-fluorotryptophan	experimental	5-fluorotryptophan can be used as substrate analogue to study enzyme mechanisms by NMR spectroscopy.		
DB03315	Guanosine 3'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03316	1,4-Dioxane	experimental			
DB03317	Ferroheme C	experimental			
DB03318	6-Hydro-1-Methyladenosine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03319	(2S)-2-Ammonio-3-[5-(2-methyl-2-propanyl)-3-oxido-1,2-oxazol-4-yl]propanoate	experimental			
DB03320	3-Amino-Alanine	experimental			
DB03321	Des(carbamimidoyl) zanamivir	experimental			
DB03322	Dexpropranolol	experimental			
DB03323	Maltose	experimental,investigational	A dextrodisaccharide from malt and starch. It is used as a sweetening agent and fermentable intermediate in brewing. (Grant & Hackh&#39;s Chemical Dictionary, 5th ed)	Mucopolysaccharidosis VI. Sly Syndrome,Sucrase-Isomaltase Deficiency,Glycogenosis, Type IV. Amylopectinosis, Anderson Disease,Glycogenosis, Type VI. Hers Disease,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Glycogen Synthetase Deficiency,Glycogenosis, Type III. Cori Disease, Debrancher Glycogenosis	
DB03325	Tyrosyladenylate	experimental			
DB03326	Deoxycytidylyl-3',5'-guanosine	experimental			
DB03327	{1-[(3-Hydroxy-Methyl-5-Phosphonooxy-Methyl-Pyridin-4-Ylmethyl)-Amino]-Ethyl}-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03328	Dioxo(sulfanyl)molybdenum	experimental			
DB03329	2-Pyridinethiol	experimental			
DB03330	S-(N-hydroxy-N-iodophenylcarbamoyl)glutathione	experimental			
DB03331	N-naphthalen-1-ylmethyl-2'-[3,5-dimethoxybenzamido]-2'-deoxy-adenosine	experimental			
DB03332	5,6-Cyclic-Tetrahydropteridine	experimental			
DB03333	(4-sulfamoyl-phenyl)-thiocarbamic acid O-(2-thiophen-3-yl-ethyl) ester	experimental			
DB03335	(+)-1-bromo-2-propanol	experimental			
DB03336	BIA	experimental			
DB03337	1-(2-Amidinophenyl)-3-(Phenoxyphenyl)Urea	experimental			
DB03338	Heptyl glucoside	experimental			
DB03339	3-Iodo-Benzyl Alcohol	experimental			
DB03340	3-[(1-Amino-2-Carboxy-Ethyl)-Hydroxy-Phosphinoyl]-2-Methyl-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03341	CoA-S-acetyl 5-bromotryptamine	experimental			
DB03342	4-(Acetylamino)-3-Guanidinobenzoic Acid	experimental			
DB03343	Malate Like Intermediate	experimental			
DB03344	Inositol-(1,3,4,5,6)-Pentakisphosphate	experimental			
DB03345	Mercaptoethanol	experimental			
DB03346	3,3',5,5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl-4,4'-diol	experimental			
DB03347	Triethyl phosphate	experimental			
DB03348	Huperzine B	investigational	Huperzine B is a novel acetylcholinesterase inhibitor.		
DB03349	8-Bromo-Adenosine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03350	Cobalt hexammine ion	experimental			
DB03351	Sri-9439	experimental			
DB03352	S-Arsonocysteine	experimental			
DB03353	2-Iminobiotin	experimental,investigational			
DB03354	2-(Beta-D-Glucopyranosyl)-5-Methyl-1,3,4-Oxadiazole	experimental			
DB03355	5'-O-(L-Threonylsulfamoyl)adenosine	experimental			
DB03357	(S)-Mandelic acid	experimental			
DB03358	7-Methyl-7,8-dihydroguanosine 5'-(tetrahydrogen triphosphate)	experimental			
DB03359	M-(N,N,N-Trimethylammonio)-2,2,2-Trifluoro-1,1-Dihydroxyethylbenzene	experimental			
DB03360	N-Acetylproline	experimental			
DB03361	2-{(9as)-9a-[(1s)-1-Hydroxyethyl]-2,7-Dimethyl-9a,10-Dihydro-5h-Pyrimido[4,5-D][1,3]Thiazolo[3,2-a]Pyrimidin-8-Yl}Ethyl Trihydrogen Diphosphate	experimental			
DB03362	N-Dimethyl-Lysine	experimental			
DB03363	3-Acetylpyridine Adenine Dinucleotide	experimental	A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5&#39;-diphosphate coupled to adenosine 5&#39;-phosphate by pyrophosphate linkage. It is found widely in nature and is involved in numerous enzymatic reactions in which it serves as an electron carrier by being alternately oxidized (NAD+) and reduced (NADH). (Dorland, 27th ed)		
DB03364	N-Carbamyl-D-Methionine	experimental			
DB03365	4-[3-Hydroxyanilino]-6,7-Dimethoxyquinazoline	experimental			
DB03366	Imidazole	experimental,investigational			
DB03367	PF-00356231	experimental			
DB03368	5-Methyl-5-(4-Phenoxy-Phenyl)-Pyrimidine-2,4,6-Trione	experimental			
DB03369	9-Aminophenanthrene	experimental			
DB03370	FR239087	experimental			
DB03371	Modified Ribosylated Glutamyl Ester	experimental			
DB03372	3-Mercapto-1-(1,3,4,9-Tetrahydro-B-Carbolin-2-Yl)-Propan-1-One	experimental			
DB03373	ZK-806711	experimental			
DB03374	3,5-Diiodotyrosine	experimental	A product from the iodination of MONOIODOTYROSINE.  In the biosynthesis of thyroid hormones, diiodotyrosine residues are coupled with other  monoiodotyrosine or diiodotyrosine residues to form T4 or T3 thyroid hormones (THYROXINE and TRIIODOTHYRONINE). [PubChem]	Thyroid Hormone Synthesis	
DB03376	5'-O-(N-(Alanyl)sulfamoyl)adenosine	experimental			
DB03378	4-Amino-1-[(1s,3r,4r,7s)-7-Hydroxy-1-(Hydroxymethyl)-2,5-Dioxabicyclo[2.2.1]Hept-3-Yl]-5-Methylpyrimidin-2(1h)-One	experimental			
DB03379	2-Carboxyethylphosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03380	L-tyrosinamide	experimental			
DB03381	Hexadecanal	experimental		Globoid Cell Leukodystrophy,Metachromatic Leukodystrophy (MLD),Sphingolipid Metabolism,Gaucher Disease,Fabry Disease,Krabbe Disease	
DB03382	S-oxy-L-cysteine	experimental			
DB03383	CP-320626	experimental			
DB03384	Fica	experimental			
DB03385	4-Methylimidazole	experimental			
DB03386	4-Fluorotryptophane	experimental			
DB03387	N-Hydroxy-N-Isopropyloxamic Acid	experimental			
DB03388	3-[(2,4-Dichlorobenzoyl)(Isopropyl)Amino]-5-Phenylthiophene-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03389	alpha-D-Xylopyranose	experimental			
DB03390	(2R,3R)-2,3-Dihydroxy-4-oxo-4-(propylamino)butanoic acid	experimental			
DB03391	Chromophore (Met-Tyr-Gly)	experimental			
DB03392	(3,4,5-Trihydroxy-6-Hydroxymethyl-Tetrahydro-Pyran-2-Yl)-Phosphoramidic Acid Dimethyl Ester	experimental			
DB03393	Sanglifehrin A	experimental			
DB03394	Heptaethylene glycol	experimental			
DB03395	Enalkiren	experimental			
DB03396	(2R,3R,4S,5R,6E)-3,4,5-Trihydroxy-N-[(3S,6R)-6-hydroxy-2-oxo-3-azepanyl]-2-methoxy-8,8-dimethyl-6-nonenamide	experimental			
DB03397	Uridine-Diphosphate-N-Acetylglucosamine	experimental			
DB03399	Ethyl Isocyanide	experimental			
DB03400	3-(P-Tolyl)Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03401	1D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate	experimental	Intracellular messenger formed by the action of phospholipase C on phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate, which is one of the phospholipids that make up the cell membrane. Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate is released into the cytoplasm where it releases calcium ions from internal stores within the cell&#39;s endoplasmic reticulum. These calcium ions stimulate the activity of B kinase or calmodulin.		
DB03402	1,2-Di-1-(3,7,11,15-Tetramethyl-Hexadecane)-Sn-Glycero-3-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03403	Cytidine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental	A pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having cytosine as the nucleobase.		
DB03404	Hemin	approved,investigational	Hemin (trade name Panhematin) is an iron-containing porphyrin. More specifically, it is protoporphyrin IX containing a ferric iron ion (heme B) with a chloride ligand.		
DB03405	N2-[(Benzyloxy)carbonyl]-N-[(3R)-1-{N-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-leucyl}-4-oxo-3-pyrrolidinyl]-L-leucinamide	experimental			
DB03406	O1-Methyl-4-Deoxy-4-Thio-Alpha-D-Glucose	experimental			
DB03407	4-Nitrocatechol	experimental			
DB03408	gamma-Glutamylcysteine	experimental		Glutamate Metabolism,Hyperinsulinism-Hyperammonemia Syndrome,gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,2-Hydroxyglutric Aciduria (D and L Form),gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,4-Hydroxybutyric Aciduria/Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,beta-Mercaptolactate-Cysteine Disulfiduria,5-Oxoprolinase Deficiency,Succinic Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Cysteine Metabolism,Glutathione Metabolism,5-Oxoprolinuria,Glutathione Synthetase Deficiency,Homocarnosinosis,Cystinosis, Ocular Nonnephropathic	
DB03409	L-Octahydroindole-2-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03410	4-hydroxycoumarin	experimental			
DB03411	2-Hydroxymethyl-Pyrrolidine-3,4-Diol	experimental			
DB03412	6-hydroxynorleucine	experimental			
DB03413	Deoxyuridine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB03414	5-Thio-a/B-D-Mannopyranosylamine	experimental			
DB03415	3-thiaoctanoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB03416	Thiamine(1+) monophosphate	experimental		Thiamine Metabolism	
DB03417	(2S,3R)-2-[[4-(Tert-butylcarbamoyl)piperazine-1-carbonyl]amino]-6-(diaminomethylideneamino)-3-formylhexanoic acid	experimental			
DB03418	Diacetyldeuteroheme	experimental			
DB03419	Uracil	experimental,investigational		Carnosinuria, Carnosinemia,Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Alanine Metabolism,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),GABA-Transaminase Deficiency,Ureidopropionase Deficiency	
DB03420	2,4-deoxy-4-guanidino-5-N-acetyl-neuraminic acid	experimental			
DB03421	2-Phenethyl-2,3-Dihydro-Phthalazine-1,4-Dione	experimental			
DB03422	1,3-Thiazole-4-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03423	S-Adenosyl-L-Homoselenocysteine	experimental			
DB03424	Ubenimex	investigational	Ubenimex (also known as bestatin) is a competitive protease inhibitor. It is an inhibitor of aminopeptidase B, leukotriene A4 hydrolase, aminopeptidase N. It is being studied for use in the treatment of acute myelocytic leukemia.		
DB03425	2s,4r-4-Methylglutamate	experimental			
DB03426	Digalactosyl Diacyl Glycerol (Dgdg)	experimental			
DB03427	delta-(L-alpha-Aminoadipoyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-vinylglycine	experimental			
DB03428	SU9516	experimental			
DB03429	Tetrastearoyl cardiolipin	experimental		Cardiolipin Biosynthesis CL(18:0/18:0/18:0/18:0)	
DB03430	(S)-4-hydroxymandelonitrile	experimental			
DB03432	Beta-Amino Isobutyrate	experimental			
DB03433	{3-[(3-Hydroxy-2-Methyl-5-Phosphonooxymethyl-Pyridin-4-Ylmethyl)-Amino]-2-Methyl-Propyl}-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03434	3-(N-morpholino)propanesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03435	Uridine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental	A uracil nucleotide containing a pyrophosphate group esterified to C5 of the sugar moiety. [PubChem]	Sphingolipid Metabolism,Amino Sugar Metabolism,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease,Gaucher Disease,Codeine Action Pathway,Etoposide Action Pathway,Tamoxifen Action Pathway,Fabry Disease,Krabbe Disease,G(M2)-Gangliosidosis: Variant B, Tay-Sachs Disease,Glycogenosis, Type IV. Amylopectinosis, Anderson Disease,Glycogenosis, Type VI. Hers Disease,Aromatase Deficiency,Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId,Valproic Acid Metabolism Pathway,Acetaminophen Metabolism Pathway,Sorafenib Metabolism Pathway,Lamivudine Metabolism Pathway,Porphyrin Metabolism,Galactose Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Sialuria or French Type Sialuria,Salla Disease/Infantile Sialic Acid Storage Disease	
DB03436	Gallichrome	experimental			
DB03437	(2R,4S)-2-[(1R)-1-{[(2Z)-2-(2-Amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl]amino}-2-oxoethyl]-5,5-dimethyl-1,3-thiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03438	Lysophosphatidylglycerol	experimental			
DB03439	4,6-dideoxy-4-amino-alpha-D-glucose	experimental			
DB03440	N-hexadecanoylglycine	experimental			
DB03441	2-Benzyl-3-Iodopropanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03442	Acid yellow 54 free acid	experimental			
DB03443	bis(5-amidino-benzimidazolyl)methanone zinc	experimental			
DB03444	6-bromoindirubin-3'-oxime	experimental			
DB03445	(3S)-3-(dioxidosulfanyl)-N-[(1E)-3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl]-4-(1H-1,2,3-triazol-1-yl)-D-valine	experimental			
DB03446	N-Benzyl-3-(alpha-D-galactopyranosyloxy)benzamide	experimental			
DB03447	Uridylyl-2'-5'-phospho-adenosine	experimental			
DB03448	2'-Deoxyuridine 3'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03449	N-(4-{2-[(3-chlorobenzyl)amino]ethyl}phenyl)thiophene-2-carboximidamide	experimental			
DB03450	Cephalothin Group	experimental	Cephalothin group is a solid. This compound belongs to the 1,3-thiazines. These are organic compounds containing 1,3-thiazine, a six-member ring with a nitrogen and a sulfur atom in ring positions 1 and 3 respectively, as well as two double bonds. This substance is known to target beta-lactamase Toho-1 and D-alanyl-D-alanine carboxypeptidase.		
DB03451	Lexacalcitol	experimental	Lexacalcitol is a solid. This compound belongs to the vitamin D and derivatives class of chemicals. These are compounds containing a secosteroid backbone, usually secoergostane or secocholestane. It is known to target the vitamin D3 receptor.		
DB03452	3-Trimethylsilylsuccinic Acid	experimental			
DB03453	Methyl (2S)-2-[[2-[(3R)-1-carbamimidoylpiperidin-3-yl]acetyl]amino]-3-[4-(2-phenylethynyl)phenyl]propanoate	experimental	This solid compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. This substance targets the protein interleukin-2.		
DB03454	3-methyl-benzene-1,2-diol	experimental	3-methyl-benzene-1,2-diol is a solid. This compound belongs to the catechols. These are compounds containing a 1,2-benzenediol moeity. 3-methyl-benzene-1,2-diol targets the protein biphenyl-2,3-diol 1,2-dioxygenase.		
DB03455	(1H-indol-3-yl)-(2-mercapto-ethoxyimino)-acetic acid	experimental	(1H-indol-3-yl)-(2-mercapto-ethoxyimino)-acetic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the indole-3-acetic acid derivatives. These are compounds containing an acetic acid (or a derivative) linked to the C3 carbon atom of an indole. (1H-indol-3-yl)-(2-mercapto-ethoxyimino)-acetic acid is known to target interleukin-2.		
DB03456	N2-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-n1-[(3S)-1-cyanopyrrolidin-3-yl]-l-leucinamide	experimental	N2-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-n1-[(3S)-1-cyanopyrrolidin-3-yl]-l-leucinamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid (or a derivative thereof) which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. It is known to target cathepsin K.		
DB03458	N(4)-Adenosyl-N(4)-methyl-2,4-diaminobutanoic acid	experimental	N(4)-adenosyl-n(4)-methyl-2,4-diaminobutanoic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the purine nucleosides and analogues. These are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a sugar.		
DB03459	Sparfosic acid	experimental	Sparfosic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at the terminal nitrogen atom. This substance is known to target aspartate carbamoyltransferase catalytic chain and CAD protein.		
DB03460	Violaxanthin	experimental			
DB03461	Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate	experimental	Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate. A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5&#39;-phosphate (NMN) coupled by pyrophosphate linkage to the 5&#39;-phosphate adenosine 2&#39;,5&#39;-bisphosphate. It serves as an electron carrier in a number of reactions, being alternately oxidized (NADP+) and reduced (NADPH). (Dorland, 27th ed)		
DB03462	Thymine	experimental		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB03464	Formycin-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03466	BMS184394	experimental			
DB03467	Naringenin	experimental			
DB03468	1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Isoquinoline-7-Sulfonic Acid Amide	experimental			
DB03469	Heme D	experimental			
DB03470	Trypanothione	experimental			
DB03471	6-phenyl-4(R)-(7-phenyl-heptanoylamino)-hexanoic acid	experimental			
DB03472	Cyclohexyl-Hexyl-Beta-D-Maltoside	experimental			
DB03473	N5-Methylglutamine	experimental			
DB03474	Reactive Red 1 Dye	experimental			
DB03475	1-[4-Carboxy-2-(3-Pentylamino)Phenyl]-5,5'-Di(Hydroxymethyl)Pyrrolidin-2-One	experimental			
DB03476	Trans-6-(2-Phenylcyclopropyl)-Naphthalene-2-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB03477	1-Phenylsulfonamide-3-Trifluoromethyl-5-Parabromophenylpyrazole	experimental			
DB03478	2'-O-Acetyl Adenosine-5-Diphosphoribose	experimental			
DB03479	8,9,10-trihydroxy-7-hydroxymethyl-3-methyl-6-oxa-1,3-diaza-spiro[4.5]decane-2,4-dione	experimental			
DB03480	Brequinar Analog	experimental			
DB03481	5,10-Dimethylene Tetrahydromethanopterin	experimental			
DB03482	8-demethyl-8-dimethylamino-flavin-adenine-dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03483	(4S)-5-[[(2S)-1-[[(2S)-1-Amino-3-[4-[difluoro(phosphono)methyl]phenyl]-1-oxopropan-2-yl]amino]-3-[4-[difluoro(phosphono)methyl]phenyl]-1-oxopropan-2-yl]amino]-4-benzamido-5-oxopentanoic acid	experimental			
DB03484	sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine	experimental			
DB03485	alpha-D-Fucopyranose	experimental			
DB03486	Phosphomethylphosphonic acid guanosyl ester	experimental			
DB03487	(S)-Aspartimide	experimental			
DB03488	Uridine-5'-diphosphate-2-deoxy-2-fluoro-alpha-D-galactose	experimental			
DB03489	2-Keto-3-Deoxygluconate	experimental			
DB03490	3-Pyridin-4-Yl-2,4-Dihydro-Indeno[1,2-.C.]Pyrazole	experimental			
DB03491	2'-Deoxyguanosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB03492	lambda-bis(2,2'-bipyridine)imidazole osmium (II)	experimental			
DB03493	7-Methylguanosine	experimental			
DB03495	4,6-Dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-Trihydroxy-3-(Hydroxymethyl)Cyclohex-2-En-1-Yl]Amino}-Alpha-D-Lyxo-Hexopyranosyl-(1->4)-Alpha-D-Threo-Hexopyranosyl-(1->6)-Alpha-L-Threo-Hexopyranose	experimental			
DB03496	Alvocidib	experimental,investigational	Alvocidib is a synthetic flavonoid based on an extract from an Indian plant for the potential treatment of cancer. It works by inhibiting cyclin-dependent kinases, arresting cell division and causing apoptosis in non-small lung cancer cells.		
DB03497	L-serine O-sulfate	experimental			
DB03498	Mercaptomethyl Phosphonate	experimental			
DB03499	D-Malic acid	experimental			
DB03500	Tricosanoic acid	experimental			
DB03501	Galactose-uridine-5'-diphosphate	experimental	A nucleoside diphosphate sugar which can be epimerized into UDPglucose for entry into the mainstream of carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a source of galactose in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides, cerebrosides, and lactose.		
DB03502	(4s)-4-{[(2s)-2-Amino-3-Oxopropyl]Sulfanyl}-L-Homoserinate	experimental			
DB03503	4-Acetyl-4-guanidino-6-methyl(propyl)carboxamide-4,5-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03504	9-Butyl-8-(2-Chloro-3,4,5-Trimethoxy-Benzyl)-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB03505	2,6-diaminoquinazolin-4-ol	experimental			
DB03506	9-Deazaadenine	experimental			
DB03507	6-[3-(4-Morpholinyl)Propyl]-2-(3-Nitrophenyl)-5-Thioxo-5,6,-Dihydro-7h-Thienol[2',3':4,5]Pyrrolo[1,2-C]Imidazol-7-One	experimental			
DB03508	Diethylene glycol ethyl methyl ether	experimental			
DB03509	2-(4-Chlorophenyl)-5-Quinoxalinecarboxamide	experimental			
DB03510	6-O-Phosphoryl Inosine Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03511	alpha-D-galacturonic acid	experimental	The α-anomer of D-galacturonic acid.		
DB03512	Uridine-2',3'-vanadate	experimental			
DB03513	(S)-2-Amino-3-(4h-Selenolo[3,2-B]-Pyrrol-6-Yl)-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03514	4-Vinylguaiacol	experimental			
DB03515	Equilenin	experimental	Equilenin is an estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of five double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of equilenin is found in the urine of pregnant mares.		
DB03516	Eniluracil	investigational	Eniluracil, which was previously under development by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), is being developed by Adherex to enhance the therapeutic value and effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), one of the world’s most widely-used oncology agents.  5-FU is widely used in the U.S. and is often first or second line therapy for a variety of cancers including colorectal, breast, gastric, head and neck, ovarian and basal cell cancer of the skin. Eniluracil could improve 5-FU by increasing its effectiveness, reducing its side effects and/or making it orally available. Eniluracil has received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of hepatocellular cancer in combination with fluoropyrimidines (including 5-FU).		
DB03517	[Methylthio]Acetate	experimental			
DB03518	Mevalonic acid	experimental			
DB03520	6-Chloro-2-fluoropurine	experimental			
DB03522	Aspartic Acid-4-Carboxymethyl Ester	experimental			
DB03523	Brequinar	experimental			
DB03524	N-[3-[4-(3-aminopropyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl]-3-[(2-thiophen-2-ylacetyl)amino]-5-[(2R,3R,4S,5R,6R)-3,4,5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxybenzamide	experimental			
DB03525	RU79073	experimental			
DB03526	AL5927	experimental			
DB03528	9-Beta-D-Xylofuranosyl-Adenine	experimental			
DB03530	Acylated ceftazidime	experimental			
DB03531	Flavin-adenine dinucleotide-N5-isobutyl ketone	experimental			
DB03532	Phosphomethylphosphonic acid guanylate ester	experimental			
DB03533	Acetyleneurea	experimental			
DB03534	3-[(Acetyl-Methyl-Amino)-Methyl]-4-Amino-N-Methyl-N-(1-Methyl-1h-Indol-2-Ylmethyl)-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03535	Z-Pro-Prolinal	experimental			
DB03536	Benzyl N-[(2S)-5-(diaminomethylamino)-1-[[(2S)-4-fluoro-3-oxobutan-2-yl]amino]-1-oxopentan-2-yl]carbamate	experimental			
DB03537	[4-(4-Hydroxy-Benzyl)-2-(2-Hydroxy-1-Methyl-Ethyl)-5-Oxo-Imidazolidin-1-Yl]-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB03539	2-(Acetylamino)-2-Deoxy-6-O-Methyl-Alpha-D-Allopyranose	experimental			
DB03540	Norcamphor	experimental			
DB03541	10-Propargyl-5,8-Dideazafolic Acid	experimental			
DB03542	L-Myo-Inositol-1-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03543	1-(O-Carboxy-Phenylamino)-1-Deoxy-D-Ribulose-5-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03544	S-Phosphocysteine	experimental			
DB03546	N-({4-[(1R)-4-[(2R,4S,5S)-2,4-diamino-6-oxohexahydropyrimidin-5-yl]-1-(2,2,2-trifluoro-1,1-dihydroxyethyl)butyl]phenyl}carbonyl)-L-glutamic acid	experimental			
DB03548	3-deoxy-alpha-D-manno-oct-2-ulopyranosonic acid	experimental			
DB03549	Biotinyl P-Nitroaniline	experimental			
DB03550	Isopenicillin N	experimental			
DB03551	(3R,4R)-3-Hydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)-1-[(4-oxo-4,4a,5,7a-tetrahydro-3H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)methyl]pyrrolidinium	experimental			
DB03552	3-Tyrosine	experimental			
DB03553	Glutaric Acid	experimental			
DB03554	5-Iodouracil	experimental			
DB03555	CRA_11092	experimental			
DB03556	2-(2-{2-[2-(2-{2-[2-(2-Ethoxy-Ethoxy)-Ethoxy]-Ethoxy}-Ethoxy)-Ethoxy]-Ethoxy}-Ethoxy)-Ethanol, Polyethyleneglycol Peg400	experimental			
DB03557	4-[[(2S)-1-[[6-[(1-Amino-1-oxo-3-sulfanylpropan-2-yl)amino]-6-oxohexyl]amino]-3-[4-[difluoro(phosphono)methyl]phenyl]-1-oxopropan-2-yl]amino]-3-[[2-[4-[difluoro(phosphono)methyl]phenyl]acetyl]amino]-4-oxobutanoic acid	experimental			
DB03558	SP-876	experimental			
DB03559	Cyclohexylformamide	experimental			
DB03560	P-Hydroxybenzaldehyde	experimental			
DB03562	Tetrahydrodeoxyuridine	experimental			
DB03564	(4r)-2-Methylpentane-2,4-Diol	experimental			
DB03565	1-O-Octyl-2-Heptylphosphonyl-Sn-Glycero-3-Phosphoethanolamine	experimental			
DB03566	Spermidine	experimental	Spermidine is a polyamine formed from putrescine. It is found in almost all tissues in association with nucleic acids. It is found as a cation at all pH values, and is thought to help stabilize some membranes and nucleic acid structures. It is a precursor of spermine.	Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type	
DB03567	alpha-N-Acetyl-D-galactosamine	experimental,investigational	The N-acetyl derivative of galactosamine. [PubChem]		
DB03568	Butyric Acid	experimental,investigational	A four carbon acid, CH3CH2CH2COOH, with an unpleasant odor that occurs in butter and animal fat as the glycerol ester.	Butyrate Metabolism,Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB03569	4,5-Dehydro-L-Iduronic Acid	experimental			
DB03570	Tris-Hydroxymethyl-Methyl-Ammonium	experimental			
DB03571	3-(5-amino-7-hydroxy-[1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidin-2-yl)-N-(3,5-dichlorobenzyl)-benzamide	experimental			
DB03572	FR230513	experimental			
DB03573	WRR-99	experimental			
DB03574	Ferricrocin-iron	experimental			
DB03575	Phencyclidine	illicit	A hallucinogen formerly used as a veterinary anesthetic, and briefly as a general anesthetic for humans. Phencyclidine is similar to ketamine in structure and in many of its effects. Like ketamine, it can produce a dissociative state. It exerts its pharmacological action through inhibition of NMDA receptors (receptors, N-methyl-D-aspartate). As a drug of abuse, it is known as PCP and Angel Dust.		
DB03576	N-Pyridoxyl-Threonine-5-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03577	Alpha-Benzyl-Aminobenzyl-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB03578	Pyruvamide	experimental			
DB03581	Glucose-6-Phosphate	experimental	An ester of glucose with phosphoric acid, made in the course of glucose metabolism by mammalian and other cells. It is a normal constituent of resting muscle and probably is in constant equilibrium with fructose-6-phosphate. (Stedman, 26th ed)		
DB03582	N~2~-Succinylornithine	experimental			
DB03583	(2E,3S)-3-hydroxy-5'-[(4-hydroxypiperidin-1-yl)sulfonyl]-3-methyl-1,3-dihydro-2,3'-biindol-2'(1'H)-one	experimental			
DB03584	4-Thio-beta-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03585	Oxyphenbutazone	approved,withdrawn	Oxyphenbutazone was withdrawn from the Canadian market in March 1985 due to concerns regarding bone marrow suppression.		
DB03586	(3R,4R,5S,6R)-6-Fluoro-3,4,5-trihydroxytetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-olate	experimental			
DB03587	Pyruvaldehyde	experimental	An organic compound used often as a reagent in organic synthesis, as a flavoring agent, and in tanning. It has been demonstrated as an intermediate in the metabolism of acetone and its derivatives in isolated cell preparations, in various culture media, and in vivo in certain animals. [PubChem]	Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Spermidine and Spermine Biosynthesis,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Pyruvaldehyde Degradation,Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB03588	Diphenylacetic acid	experimental			
DB03589	Mesoxalic acid	experimental			
DB03590	2,6-Diaminopimelic Acid	experimental			
DB03591	RU82209	experimental			
DB03592	Pterin-6-Yl-Methyl-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03593	7-methyl-5'-guanylic acid	experimental			
DB03594	1,2,4-Triazole	experimental			
DB03595	CRA_9785	experimental			
DB03596	N-[2-(1h-Indol-5-Yl)-Butyl]-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03597	gamma-Glutamyl[S-(2-iodobenzyl)cysteinyl]glycine	experimental			
DB03598	Al-6629, [2h-Thieno[3,2-E]-1,2-Thiazine-6-Sulfonamide,2-(3-Methoxyphenyl)-3-(4-Morpholinyl)-, 1,1-Dioxide]	experimental			
DB03600	Capric acid	experimental	Decanoic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the straight chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with a straight aliphatic chain. The proteins that decanoic acid targets include furin, octanoyltransferase, 3-oxoacyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] synthase 1, peptostreptococcal albumin-binding protein, and putative uncharacterized protein tcp14.	Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB03601	5-deoxyflavanone	experimental	5-deoxyflavanone is a solid. This compound belongs to the flavanones. These are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, whose structure is characterized by a 2-phenyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3.		
DB03602	S-benzylglutathione	experimental			
DB03603	Glucaric acid	experimental			
DB03604	Tiratricol	investigational	A metabolite of T3 and T4 thyroid hormones; promoted for hyperlipidemia, localized lipodystrophy, and obesity. Tiratricol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Allan-Herndon-Dudley Syndrome.		
DB03605	(2s)-2-[(2,4-Dichloro-Benzoyl)-(3-Trifluoromethyl-Benzyl)-Amino]-3-Phenyl-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03606	(S)-Rolipram	experimental	A phosphodiesterase inhibitor with antidepressant properties. [PubChem]		
DB03607	[(1R)-1-acetamido-2-(4-chlorophenyl)ethyl]-[(2S)-2-amino-3-hydroxy-3-oxo-propoxy]-dihydroxy-boron	experimental			
DB03608	Diminazene	experimental	Diminazene, also known as Diminazine, 4,4'-(Diazoamino)benzamidine, 4,4'-(1-triazene-1,3-diyl)bis-benzenecarboximidamide, diminazine aceturate, or Diminazene aceturate, is a trypanocidal agent. Major brands of Diminazene are Berenil, Pirocide, Ganasag, and Azidin. This substance is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydrazines. These are compounds containing a phenylhydrazide moiety, which consists of a hydrazide substituent attached to a phenyl group. Known drug targets of diminazene include HTH-type transcriptional regulator QacR, trypsin-1, amiloride-sensitive amine oxidase [copper-containing], and mitochondrial peroxiredoxin-5.		
DB03609	3'-deoxyguanosine	experimental	3'-deoxyguanosine is a solid. This compound belongs to the purine nucleosides and analogues. These are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a sugar. This medication targets the protein purine nucleoside phosphorylase.		
DB03610	4-(trifluoromethyl)phenol	experimental			
DB03611	L-2-amino-4-methoxy-cis-but-3-enoic acid	experimental			
DB03612	3-Hydroxybutyryl-Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03613	4-hydroxyphenacyl coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03614	Mecobalamin	approved,investigational			
DB03615	Ribostamycin	approved,experimental	Ribostamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic[A187166] isolated from _Streptomyces ribosidificus_[A187178] listed as one of the World Health Organization's critically important antimicrobials.[L9071]		
DB03616	Kabiramide C	experimental			
DB03617	Modified Acarbose Hexasaccharide	experimental			
DB03618	2-(acetylamino)-2-deoxy-4-O-beta-D-galactopyranosyl-alpha-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03619	Deoxycholic acid	approved	Deoxycholic acid is a a bile acid which emulsifies and solubilizes dietary fats in the intestine, and when injected subcutaneously, it disrupts cell membranes in adipocytes and destroys fat cells in that tissue. In April 2015, deoxycholic acid was approved by the FDA for the treatment submental fat to improve aesthetic appearance and reduce facial fullness or convexity. It is marketed under the brand name Kybella by Kythera Biopharma and is the first pharmacological agent available for submental fat reduction, allowing for a safer and less invasive alternative than surgical procedures.		
DB03621	L-709,587	experimental			
DB03622	5-[4-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-1-piperidinyl]-5-phenyl-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-pyrimidinetrione	experimental			
DB03623	9-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-2,7-Phenanthroline	experimental			
DB03624	7-(Carboxyamino)-8-Amino-Nonanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03626	5-Methoxy-1,2-Dimethyl-3-(Phenoxymethyl)Indole-4,7-Dione	experimental			
DB03627	Adamantane	experimental	A tricyclo bridged hydrocarbon. [PubChem]		
DB03628	ISO24	experimental			
DB03629	Pyridoxal-5'-Phosphate-N-Oxide	experimental			
DB03630	2-Iodobenzylthio Group	experimental			
DB03631	3-(4-hydroxy-3-imino-6-oxo-cyclohexa-1,4-dienyl)-alanine	experimental			
DB03632	Argifin	experimental			
DB03633	Lpc-Ether	experimental			
DB03634	1,3-DI(N-Propyloxy-A-mannopyranosyl)-carbomyl 5-methyazido-benzene	experimental			
DB03635	Ethanesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03636	Glycinamide	experimental			
DB03637	Guanidine-3-propanol	experimental			
DB03638	Cytidyl-2'-5'-phospho-guanosine	experimental			
DB03639	1-Guanidinium-7-Aminoheptane	experimental			
DB03640	Beta-Hydroxyaspartic Acid	experimental			
DB03641	2'-deoxyuridine 5'-alpha,beta-imido-diphosphate	experimental			
DB03642	N-[(2S)-4-Methyl-1-oxo-1-{[(4S)-3-oxo-1-(2-pyridinylsulfonyl)-4-azepanyl]amino}-2-pentanyl]-1-benzofuran-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB03643	CRA_1144	experimental			
DB03644	3-hydroxyanthranilic acid	experimental	An oxidation product of tryptophan metabolism. It may be a free radical scavenger and a carcinogen.	Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB03645	Phosphonoacetohydroxamic Acid	experimental			
DB03646	2,3-di-O-phytanyl-sn-glycerol	experimental			
DB03647	3-[Isopropyl(4-Methylbenzoyl)Amino]-5-Phenylthiophene-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03648	(2S,2'S)-2,2'-(1,2-Hydrazinediylbis{methylene[(2S)-1-oxo-2,1-hexanediyl]imino})bis(6-amino-N-phenylhexanamide)	experimental			
DB03649	[{(5-Chloro-2-Pyridinyl)Amino} Methylene]-1,1-Bisphosphonate	experimental			
DB03650	(3e)-3-[(4-Hydroxyphenyl)Imino]-1h-Indol-2(3h)-One	experimental			
DB03651	Picric acid	experimental	Used as antiseptic, astringent, and stimulant for epitheliazation.		
DB03652	beta-D-Galactopyranuronic acid	experimental			
DB03653	5-{[Ethyl(Methyl)Amino]Methyl}-2-Methyl-5,6-Dihydropyrimidin-4-Amine	experimental			
DB03654	S,S-Propylthiocysteine	experimental			
DB03656	Tribenuron Methyl	experimental			
DB03657	1-deoxy-1-methoxycarbamido-beta-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03658	(2R,4S)-2-[(1R)-1-{[(2R)-2-Amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetyl]amino}-2-oxoethyl]-5,5-dimethyl-1,3-thiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03659	Butylamine	experimental	Butylamine is a colourless liquid which acquires a yellow colour upon storage in air. It is one of the four isomeric amines of butane. It is known to have the fishy, ammonia-like odor common to amines.		
DB03660	4-Iodo-L-phenylalanine	experimental			
DB03661	L-cysteic acid	experimental	L-cysteic acid is a beta-sulfoalanine. It is an amino acid with a C-terminal sulfonic acid group which has been isolated from human hair oxidized with permanganate. It occurs normally in the outer part of the sheep's fleece, where the wool is exposed to light and weather.		
DB03662	Vitamin B6 Complexed with 2-Amino-Pentanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03663	1-[(2-Amino-6,9-Dihydro-1h-Purin-6-Yl)Oxy]-3-Methyl-2-Butanol	experimental			
DB03664	P1-(adenosine-5'-P5-(uridine-5')pentaphosphate	experimental			
DB03666	Zidovudine monophosphate	experimental			
DB03667	Acetic Acid Salicyloyl-Amino-Ester	experimental			
DB03668	6-oxouridine 5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB03669	4-Fluorophenethyl Alcohol	experimental			
DB03670	2-(Oxalyl-Amino)-4,5,6,7-Tetrahydro-Thieno[2,3-C]Pyridine-3-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03671	Digoxigenin	experimental	Digoxigenin is a cardenolide which is the aglycon of digoxin. Can be obtained by hydrolysis of digoxin or from Digitalis orientalis L. and Digitalis lanata Ehrh.		
DB03672	9-N-Phenylmethylamino-Tacrine	experimental			
DB03673	beta-2-Thienyl-L-alanine	experimental			
DB03675	2,3-Dihydroxy-Valerianic Acid	experimental			
DB03676	Cystein-S-Yl Cacodylate	experimental			
DB03677	N-Cyclohexyl-N'-Decylurea	experimental			
DB03678	(6,7-Difluoro-Quinazolin-4-Yl)-(1-Methyl-2,2-Diphenyl-Ethyl)-Amine	experimental			
DB03679	2-Hydroxy-Tryptophan	experimental			
DB03680	Tartronate	experimental			
DB03682	Dibenzofuran-4,6-Dicarboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03683	2-{[Formyl(Hydroxy)Amino]Methyl}-4-Methylpentanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03685	Uridine monophosphate	experimental	5'-Uridylic acid. A uracil nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the sugar moiety in the 2', 3' or 5' position.	Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Lactose Synthesis,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway,Netilmicin Action Pathway,Streptomycin Action Pathway,Clomocycline Action Pathway,Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId,Tobramycin Action Pathway,Rolitetracycline Action Pathway,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria),Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway	
DB03686	S-(4-nitrobenzyl)glutathione	experimental			
DB03687	4-(Cytidine 5'-diphospho)-2-C-methyl-D-erythritol	experimental			
DB03688	Hydracrylic acid	experimental		Propanoate Metabolism,Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency	
DB03690	(Z,Z)-4-Hydroxy-N,N,N-Trimethyl-10-Oxo-7-[(1-Oxo-9-Octadecenyl)Oxy]-3,5,9-Trioxa-4-Phosphaheptacos-18-En-1-Aminium-4-Oxide	experimental			
DB03691	WRR-112	experimental			
DB03692	1-Hexadecanosulfonyl-O-L-Serine	experimental			
DB03693	N-(2-Aminoethyl)-5-Chloroisoquinoline-8-Sulfonamide	experimental			
DB03694	N-phenylthiourea	experimental			
DB03695	Piritrexim	investigational	Piritrexim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bladder Cancer, Urethral Cancer, and Transitional Cell Cancer of the Renal Pelvis and Ureter.		
DB03696	Lanosterol	experimental			
DB03697	4-Sulfonamide-[1-(4-Aminobutane)]Benzamide	experimental			
DB03698	5-Mercaptoethanol-2-decenoyl-coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03699	Succinyl-Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03700	D-Threonine	experimental			
DB03701	Vanoxerine	investigational			
DB03702	N-{4-[(Carboxymethyl)carbamoyl]benzoyl}-L-valyl-N-[(3S)-1,1,1-trifluoro-4-methyl-2-oxo-3-pentanyl]-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB03703	Cyclohexanol	experimental	Monohydroxy derivatives of cyclohexanes that contain the general formula R-C6H11O. They have a camphorlike odor and are used in making soaps, insecticides, germicides, dry cleaning, and plasticizers. [PubChem]		
DB03704	12-Hydroxydodecanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03705	6-Methylamino-5-Nitroisocytosine	experimental			
DB03706	1-Hydroxy-2-S-glutathionyl-3-para-nitrophenoxy-propane	experimental			
DB03707	S-Ethyl-N-Phenyl-Isothiourea	experimental			
DB03708	Adenosine 5'-phosphosulfate	experimental,investigational	5'-Adenylic acid, monoanhydride with sulfuric acid. The initial compound formed by the action of ATP sulfurylase on sulfate ions after sulfate uptake. Synonyms: adenosine sulfatophosphate; APS.		
DB03709	Bicine	experimental			
DB03710	[(1S)-4-(1-Aminobutylideneamino)-1-carboxybutyl]azanium	experimental			
DB03711	6-Hydroxy-6-Methyl-Heptan-3-One	experimental			
DB03712	RU85053	experimental			
DB03714	4-Carbamoyl-4-{[6-(Difluoro-Phosphono-Methyl)-Naphthalene-2-Carbonyl]-Amino}-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB03716	5'-Fluoro-5'-Deoxyadenosine	experimental			
DB03717	3-Hydroxy-4-(3,4,5-trihydroxy-tetrahydro-pyran-2-yloxy)-piperidin-2-one	experimental			
DB03718	6-aza uridine 5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03719	N-Ethyl-5'-Carboxamido Adenosine	experimental	A stable adenosine A1 and A2 receptor agonist. Experimentally, it inhibits cAMP and cGMP phosphodiesterase activity. [PubChem]		
DB03720	alpha,beta-Dehydroaminobutyric acid	experimental			
DB03721	N-acetyl-alpha-neuraminic acid	experimental	An N-acyl derivative of neuraminic acid. N-acetylneuraminic acid occurs in many polysaccharides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids in animals and bacteria. (From Dorland, 28th ed, p1518)		
DB03722	3,4-Dihydro-5-Methyl-Isoquinolinone	experimental			
DB03723	2'-Deoxy-Thymidine-Beta-L-Rhamnose	experimental			
DB03724	(1s,2s)-1-Amino-1-(1,3-Thiazol-2-Yl)Propan-2-Ol	experimental			
DB03725	5'-Guanylylmethylenebisphosphonate	experimental			
DB03726	Purine Riboside-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03727	Coproporphyrin I	experimental			
DB03728	p-Chlorobenzoic acid	experimental			
DB03729	2-Amino-1H-benzimidazol-5-ol	experimental			
DB03730	3,9-Dimethyladenine	experimental			
DB03731	S-2-(Boronoethyl)-L-Cysteine	experimental			
DB03732	Etheno-Nadp	experimental			
DB03733	Ethylene Dichloride	experimental			
DB03734	Xylarohydroxamate	experimental			
DB03735	9-(2-Deoxy-Beta-D-Ribofuranosyl)-6-Methylpurine	experimental			
DB03736	2-Cyclopropylmethylenepropanal	experimental			
DB03737	4-((3r,4s,5r)-4-Amino-3,5-Dihydroxy-Hex-1-Ynyl)-5-Fluoro-3-[1-(3-Methoxy-1h-Pyrrol-2-Yl)-Meth-(Z)-Ylidene]-1,3-Dihydro-Indol-2-One	experimental			
DB03738	Pantothenoylaminoethenethiol	experimental			
DB03739	3-Hydroxyimino Quinic Acid	experimental			
DB03740	N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine	experimental	The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.		
DB03741	2-Methylbutanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03742	Compound 4-D	experimental			
DB03744	Cp403700, (S)-1-{2-[(5-Chloro-1h-Indole-2-Carbonyl)-Amino]-3-Phenyl-Propionyl}-Azetidine-3-Carboxylate	experimental			
DB03745	Arabinose-5-phosphate	experimental			
DB03746	3-Amino-4,5-Dihydroxy-Cyclohex-1-Enecarboxylate	experimental			
DB03747	N-Acetyl-glucosamine thiazoline	experimental	N-Acetyl-glucosamine thiazoline (NAG-thiazoline) is an analog of the oxazolinium bicyclic intermediate leading from N-acetylglucosamine to 1,6-anhydro-N-acetylmuramic acid.		
DB03748	Methyl-[4-(4-Piperidine-1-Ylmethyl-Phenyl)-Cyclohexyl]-Carbaminic Acid-(4-Chlorophenyl)-Ester	experimental			
DB03749	4-(1h-Imidazol-4-Yl)-3-(5-Ethyl-2,4-Dihydroxy-Phenyl)-1h-Pyrazole	experimental			
DB03750	Isovaleric Acid	experimental			
DB03751	2'deoxy-Thymidine-5'-Diphospho-Alpha-D-Glucose	experimental			
DB03752	P-(2'-Iodo-5'-Thenoyl)Hydrotropic Acid	experimental			
DB03753	Flurbiprofen Methyl Ester	experimental			
DB03754	Tromethamine	approved	An organic amine proton acceptor. It is used in the synthesis of surface-active agents and pharmaceuticals; as an emulsifying agent for cosmetic creams and lotions, mineral oil and paraffin wax emulsions, as a biological buffer, and used as an alkalizer. (From Merck, 11th ed; Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1424)		
DB03755	Adenosine-5'-[Beta, Gamma-Methylene]Tetraphosphate	experimental			
DB03756	Doconexent	approved,investigational	A mixture of fish oil and primrose oil, doconexent is used as a high-docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplement. DHA is a 22 carbon chain with 6 cis double bonds with anti-inflammatory effects. It can be biosythesized from alpha-linolenic acid or commercially manufactured from microalgae. It is an omega-3 fatty acid and primary structural component of the human brain, cerebral cortex, skin, and retina thus plays an important role in their development and function. The amino-phospholipid DHA is found at a high concentration across several brain subcellular fractions, including nerve terminals, microsomes, synaptic vesicles, and synaptosomal plasma membranes [A19436].		
DB03757	N-{[(2-Methyl-2-propanyl)oxy]carbonyl}-L-alanyl-L-alaninamide	experimental			
DB03758	Radicicol	experimental			
DB03759	FG-9041	experimental			
DB03760	Dihydrolipoic Acid	experimental			
DB03761	5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB03763	5-methyl-2'-deoxypseudouridine	experimental			
DB03764	4-Hydroperoxy-2-Methoxy-Phenol	experimental			
DB03765	2'-cytidylic acid	experimental			
DB03766	Propanoic acid	approved,vet_approved	Sodium propionate is the sodium salt of propionic acid that exists as colorless, transparent crystals or a granular crystalline powder. It is considered generally recognized as safe (GRAS) food ingredient by FDA, where it acts as an antimicrobial agent for food preservation and flavoring agent. Its use as a food additive is also approved in Europe. Sodium propionate is is prepared by neutralizing propionic acid with sodium hydroxide. Sodium propionate was previously approved in Canada as an active ingredient in Amino-Cerv (used to treat inflammation or injury of the cervix).	Propanoate Metabolism,Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Vitamin K Metabolism,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency	
DB03767	Morpholine-4-Carboxylic Acid [1s-(2-Benzyloxy-1r-Cyano-Ethylcarbamoyl)-3-Methyl-Butyl]Amide	experimental			
DB03768	N-[2-Hydroxy-2-(8-Isopropyl-6,9-Dioxo-2-Oxa-7,10-Diaza-Bicyclo[11.2.2]Heptadeca-1(16),13(17),14-Trien-11-Yl)-Ethyl]-N-(3-Methyl-Butyl)-Benzenesulfonamide,Inhibitor 3	experimental			
DB03769	D-Eritadenine	experimental			
DB03770	N-hydroxyguanidine	experimental			
DB03771	Allyl-{4-[3-(4-Bromo-Phenyl)-Benzofuran-6-Yloxy]-but-2-Enyl}-Methyl-Amine	experimental			
DB03772	2-Hexyloxy-6-Hydroxymethyl-Tetrahydro-Pyran-3,5-Diol	experimental			
DB03773	alpha-D-quinovopyranose	experimental	The pyranose form of D-quinovose with an α-configuration at the anomeric position .		
DB03774	Glutamyl Group	experimental			
DB03775	Dethiobiotin	experimental			
DB03776	Lactaldehyde	experimental		Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB03777	Bisindolylmaleimide I	experimental			
DB03779	Glucosaminyl-(Alpha-6)-D-Myo-Inositol	experimental			
DB03780	2-Aminoquinazolin-4(3h)-One	experimental			
DB03781	2-[4-(2,4-Dichlorophenoxy)Phenoxy]Propanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03782	N-(1-adamantyl)-N'-(4-guanidinobenzyl)urea	experimental			
DB03783	Phenacetin	withdrawn	Phenacetin was withdrawn from the Canadian market in June 1973 due to concerns regarding nephropathy (damage to or disease of the kidney).		
DB03784	Elaidamide	experimental			
DB03785	Mevinolinic acid	experimental			
DB03787	(5-Hydroxy-6-methyl-4-{[(E)-(3-oxo-1,2-oxazolidin-4-ylidene)amino]methyl}-3-pyridinyl)methyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB03788	GC-24	experimental			
DB03789	2,3-Dimethylimidazolium Ion	experimental			
DB03790	L-methionine sulfone	experimental			
DB03791	GW-3965	experimental	GW-3965 is a liver X receptor ligand.		
DB03792	5-Aminouracil	experimental			
DB03793	Benzoic acid	approved,investigational	A fungistatic compound that is widely used as a food preservative. It is conjugated to GLYCINE in the liver and excreted as hippuric acid. As the sodium salt form, sodium benzoate is used as a treatment for urea cycle disorders due to its ability to bind amino acids. This leads to excretion of these amino acids and a decrease in ammonia levels. Recent research shows that sodium benzoate may be beneficial as an add-on therapy (1 gram/day) in schizophrenia. Total Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale scores dropped by 21% compared to placebo.		
DB03794	Trifluoroalanine	experimental			
DB03795	2-Dehydropantoate	experimental			
DB03796	Palmitic Acid	approved	A common saturated fatty acid found in fats and waxes including olive oil, palm oil, and body lipids.	Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Ethylmalonic Encephalopathy,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Glycerol Kinase Deficiency,Hypercholesterolemia,Short-Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (SCAD Deficiency),Zellweger Syndrome,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Medium Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (MCAD),Steroid Biosynthesis,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III,Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease,D-Glyceric Acidura,Long Chain Acyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (LCAD),Carnitine Palmitoyl Transferase Deficiency II,Long-Chain-3-Hydroxyacyl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency (LCHAD),Glycerolipid Metabolism	
DB03797	3-Aminomethyl-Pyridinium-Adenine-Dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03798	2'-Deoxycytidine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental	Deoxycytidine (dihydrogen phosphate). A deoxycytosine nucleotide containing one phosphate group esterified to the deoxyribose moiety in the 2&#39;-,3&#39;- or 5- positions. [PubChem]		
DB03799	Trifluoromethionine	experimental			
DB03800	Deoxyuridine monophosphate	experimental		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB03801	Lysine Nz-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03802	1-[4-(Octahydro-Pyrido[1,2-a]Pyrazin-2-Yl)-Phenyl]-2-Phenyl-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Isoquinolin-6-Ol	experimental			
DB03803	N,N-[2,5-O-dibenzyl-glucaryl]-DI-[valinyl-aminomethanyl-pyridine]	experimental			
DB03804	5-Bromothienyldeoxyuridine	experimental			
DB03807	1-(2-Chlorophenyl)-3,5-Dimethyl-1h-Pyrazole-4-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB03808	Hexamidine	approved,experimental			
DB03809	9-Butyl-8-(3-Methoxybenzyl)-9h-Purin-6-Amine	experimental			
DB03810	3-Methylglutamic acid	experimental			
DB03811	Histidinol	experimental			
DB03812	3-{2,6,8-trioxo-9-[(2S,3R,4R)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxypentyl]-1,2,3,6,8,9-hexahydro-7H-purin-7-Yl}propyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB03813	2-Decenoyl N-Acetyl Cysteamine	experimental			
DB03814	2-(N-morpholino)ethanesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB03815	Fucitol	experimental			
DB03816	Difluoromethionine	experimental			
DB03817	L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid	experimental			
DB03818	N-[Tosyl-D-Prolinyl]Amino-Ethanethiol	experimental			
DB03819	Salicylhydroxamic Acid	experimental			
DB03820	(2S,5R,6R)-6-({(6S)-6-[(Ammonioacetyl)amino]-6-carboxylatohexanoyl}amino)-3,3-dimethyl-7-oxo-4-thia-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]heptane-2-carboxylate	experimental			
DB03821	2-Amino-3-Hydroxy-3-Phosphonooxy-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB03822	Ethyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB03823	Epigallocatechin	experimental,investigational			
DB03824	7-Iodo-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Isoquinoline	experimental			
DB03825	Rhodamine 6G	experimental			
DB03826	5,6-Diaminouracil	experimental			
DB03827	(3s)-3,4-Di-N-Hexanoyloxybutyl-1-Phosphocholine	experimental			
DB03828	RU78299	experimental			
DB03829	Pseudouridine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03830	Phosphorylated Dihydropteroate	experimental			
DB03831	[(Z)-octadec-9-enyl] (2R)-2,3-bis(oxidanyl)propanoate	experimental			
DB03832	3-Carboxy-N,N,N-Trimethyl-2-(Octanoyloxy)Propan-1-Aminium	experimental			
DB03833	2-Prolyl-5-Tert-Butyl-[1,3,4]Oxadiazole	experimental			
DB03834	(3S)-3-(dioxidosulfanyl)-N-[(1Z)-3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl]-4-(1H-1,2,3-triazol-1-yl)-D-valine	experimental			
DB03835	N-[(5S,7R,8S,9S,10R)-8,9,10-Trihydroxy-7-(hydroxymethyl)-2,4-dioxo-6-oxa-1,3-diazaspiro[4.5]dec-3-yl]acetamide	experimental			
DB03836	1,3,5-trichlorobenzene	experimental			
DB03837	Morpholine-4-Carboxylic Acid (1-(3-Benzenesulfonyl-1-Phenethylallylcarbamoyl)-3-Methylbutyl)-Amide	experimental			
DB03839	D-Tyrosine	experimental	A non-essential amino acid. In animals it is synthesized from PHENYLALANINE. It is also the precursor of EPINEPHRINE; THYROID HORMONES; and melanin.		
DB03840	Tetra(Imidazole)Diaquacopper (Ii)	experimental			
DB03841	Niraxostat	experimental			
DB03842	2-Chloro-6-Methyl-Aniline	experimental			
DB03843	Formaldehyde	approved,vet_approved	A highly reactive aldehyde gas formed by oxidation or incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons. In solution, it has a wide range of uses: in the manufacture of resins and textiles, as a disinfectant, and as a laboratory fixative or preservative. Formaldehyde solution (formalin) is considered a hazardous compound, and its vapor toxic. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p717)	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Methadone Action Pathway,Imipramine Action Pathway,Citalopram Action Pathway,Codeine Metabolism Pathway,Venlafaxine Metabolism Pathway,Clomipramine Metabolism Pathway,Fluoxetine Metabolism Pathway,Mycophenolic Acid Metabolism Pathway,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Fluoxetine Action Pathway,Nicotine Action Pathway,Teniposide Action Pathway,Etoposide Metabolism Pathway,Teniposide Metabolism Pathway,Tamoxifen Metabolism Pathway,Nicotine Metabolism Pathway,Tramadol Metabolism Pathway,Levomethadyl Acetate Metabolism Pathway,Artemether Metabolism Pathway,Caffeine Metabolism,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Lidocaine (Antiarrhythmic) Action Pathway,Lidocaine (Local Anaesthetic) Action Pathway,Codeine Action Pathway,Etoposide Action Pathway,Tamoxifen Action Pathway,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB03844	N-(2,6-Diflouro-Benzyl)-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03845	P1-(5'-Adenosyl)P5-(5'-(3'azido-3'-Deoxythymidyl))Pentaphosphate	experimental			
DB03846	2'-deoxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)uridine 5'-(dihydrogen phosphate)	experimental			
DB03847	gamma-carboxy-L-glutamic acid	experimental			
DB03848	Benzenesulfinic acid	experimental			
DB03849	Cilomilast	investigational	Cilomilast (Ariflo, SB-207,499) is a drug which was developed for the treatment of respiratory disorders such as asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). It is orally active and acts as a selective Phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor. Following four clinical trials, the drug proved to be effective in treating COPD, however it has never been marketed due to a poor side effect profile.		
DB03850	Jaspisamide A	experimental			
DB03851	Carbazole Butanoic Acid	experimental			
DB03852	Eucalyptol	experimental,nutraceutical	Eucalyptol is naturally produced cyclic ether and monoterpenoid. Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant. It controls airway mucus hypersecretion and asthma via anti-inflammatory cytokine inhibition. Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.		
DB03853	Reactive Red 6 hapten	experimental			
DB03854	Cadaverine	experimental	Cadaverine is a foul-smelling diamine formed by bacterial decarboxylation of lysine.		
DB03855	L-Threonohydroxamate 4-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03856	L-Eflornithine	experimental,investigational			
DB03857	1,4-dithio-beta-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03858	S-Acetonylcysteine	experimental			
DB03859	1-thio-beta-D-glucopyranose	experimental			
DB03860	ICI-164384	experimental			
DB03861	(2R,3R,4S,5R)-2-acetamido-3,4-dihydroxy-5-hydroxymethyl-piperidine	experimental			
DB03862	Tetrahydrooxazine	experimental			
DB03863	2-O-Methyl-beta-L-fucopyranose	experimental			
DB03864	Monothioglycerol	experimental			
DB03865	6-Chloro-2-(2-Hydroxy-Biphenyl-3-Yl)-1h-Indole-5-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB03866	Prostaglandin G2	experimental	A cyclic endoperoxide intermediate produced by the action of CYCLOOXYGENASE on ARACHIDONIC ACID. It is further converted by a series of specific enzymes to the series 2 prostaglandins. [PubChem]	Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,Antipyrine Action Pathway,Flurbiprofen Action Pathway,Nepafenac Action Pathway,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway,Bromfenac Action Pathway,Meloxicam Action Pathway,Mefenamic Acid Action Pathway,Oxaprozin Action Pathway,Naproxen Action Pathway,Carprofen Action Pathway,Etoricoxib Action Pathway,Lumiracoxib Action Pathway,Phenylbutazone Action Pathway,Salsalate Action Pathway,Salicylate-Sodium Action Pathway,Acetaminophen  Action Pathway,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway	
DB03867	3-nitro-L-tyrosine	experimental			
DB03868	3-Dehydroquinic Acid	experimental			
DB03869	5'-O-(L-Serylsulfamoyl)adenosine	experimental			
DB03870	Ara-Alpha(1,3)-Xyl	experimental			
DB03871	lambda-bis(2,2'-bipyridine)imidazole ruthenium (II)	experimental			
DB03872	2,3-Dideoxyfucose	experimental			
DB03874	(4e,8e,12z,16z)-N,N,4,8,13,17,21-Heptamethyldocosa-4,8,12,16,20-Pentaen-1-Amine	experimental			
DB03876	Thieno[2,3-B]Pyridine-2-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB03877	AL-4623	experimental			
DB03878	N-[4-Methyl-3-[[4-(3-Pyridinyl)-2-Pyrimidinyl]Amino]Phenyl]-3-Pyridinecarboxamide	experimental			
DB03879	alpha-L-methyl-fucose	experimental			
DB03880	Batimastat	experimental			
DB03881	(2S,3R,4S,5S)-3,4-Dihydroxy-2-[(methylsulfanyl)methyl]-5-(4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)pyrrolidinium	experimental			
DB03882	5-Alpha-Androstane-3-Beta,17beta-Diol	experimental			
DB03883	Carboxyethyllumazine	experimental			
DB03884	Phenylpyruvic acid	experimental		Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Phenylketonuria,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome)	
DB03885	L-gamma-glutamyl-S-(naphthalen-1-ylmethyl)-L-cysteinylglycine	experimental			
DB03886	Biopterin	experimental	A natural product that has been considered as a growth factor for some insects. [PubChem]		
DB03887	Alpha-Adenosine Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03888	N-Allyl-6-{[3-(4-bromophenyl)-1-methyl-1H-indazol-6-yl]oxy}-N-methyl-1-hexanamine	experimental			
DB03889	S-(N-hydroxy-N-bromophenylcarbamoyl)glutathione	experimental			
DB03890	N-[2-(1-Formyl-2-Methyl-Propyl)-1-(4-Piperidin-1-Yl-but-2-Enoyl)-Pyrrolidin-3-Yl]-Methanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB03891	Dibenzyl (carbonylbis{2,1-hydrazinediyl[(2S)-4-methyl-1-oxo-1,2-pentanediyl]})biscarbamate	experimental			
DB03892	5-N-Allyl-arginine	experimental			
DB03893	Thionicotinamide-Adenine-Dinucleotide	experimental			
DB03894	N-Propargyl-1(S)-Aminoindan	experimental			
DB03895	Malachite Green	experimental			
DB03896	Triphosphoric acid	experimental	Used as water softener, peptizing agent, emulsifier & dispersing agent; ingredient of cleansers; meat preservative.	DOPA-Responsive Dystonia,Hyperphenylalaniemia Due to Guanosine Triphosphate Cyclohydrolase Deficiency,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to 6-Pyruvoyltetrahydropterin Synthase Deficiency (ptps),Pterine Biosynthesis,Hyperphenylalaninemia Due to DHPR-Deficiency,Segawa Syndrome,Sepiapterin Reductase Deficiency	
DB03897	Phloretic acid	experimental			
DB03898	3-Chloro-4-Hydroxyphenylglycine	experimental			
DB03899	9-Butyl-8-(4-Methoxybenzyl)-9h-Purin-6-Amine	experimental			
DB03900	tert-butanol	experimental			
DB03901	5-Oxoprolinal	experimental			
DB03902	Oxalic Acid	experimental	A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. [PubChem]		
DB03903	Tmr	experimental			
DB03904	Urea	approved,investigational	A compound formed in the liver from ammonia produced by the deamination of amino acids. It is the principal end product of protein catabolism and constitutes about one half of the total urinary solids.	Methyclothiazide Action Pathway,Hydrochlorothiazide Action Pathway,Metolazone Action Pathway,Furosemide Action Pathway,Torsemide Action Pathway,Triamterene Action Pathway,Hartnup Disorder,Lysinuric Protein Intolerance,Glucose Transporter Defect (SGLT2),Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Blue Diaper Syndrome,Cystinuria,Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,D-Arginine and D-Ornithine Metabolism,Polythiazide Action Pathway,Bumetanide Action Pathway,Quinethazone Action Pathway,Indapamide Action Pathway,Trichlormethiazide Action Pathway,Spironolactone Action Pathway,Eplerenone Action Pathway,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Citrullinemia Type I	
DB03905	Succinamide-CoA	experimental			
DB03906	2-Phenylheme	experimental			
DB03907	N-[(E)-3-[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-(6-Aminopurin-9-yl)-3,4-dihydroxyoxolan-2-yl]prop-2-enyl]-2,3-dihydroxy-5-nitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB03908	N,N-[2,5-O-[Dibenzyl]-glucaryl]-DI-[isoleucyl-amido-methane]	experimental			
DB03909	Adenosine-5'-[Beta, Gamma-Methylene]Triphosphate	experimental			
DB03910	S,S'-(1,3-Phenylene-Bis(1,2-Ethanediyl))Bis-Isothiourea	experimental			
DB03911	L-Xylopyranose	experimental			
DB03912	D-pantetheine 4'-phosphate	experimental			
DB03913	Coenzyme F420	experimental			
DB03914	[2-(1-amino-2-hydroxy-propyl)-4-(1H-indol-3-ylmethylene)-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-imidazol-1-yl]-acetaldehyde	experimental			
DB03915	2-Amino-3-Ketobutyric Acid	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB03916	4-{2-[4-(2-Aminoethyl)Piperazin-1-Yl]Pyridin-4-Yl}-N-(3-Chloro-4-Methylphenyl)Pyrimidin-2-Amine	experimental			
DB03917	N-Ethylretinamide	experimental	N-Ethylretinamide is the ethylamide of all-trans B-retinoic acid.		
DB03918	6S-5,6,7,8-Tetrahydrobiopterin	experimental			
DB03919	Ethyl-Carbamic Acid Methyl Ester	experimental			
DB03920	N-Methyl-Alpha-Beta-Dehydroalanine	experimental			
DB03921	4-(3-Pyridin-2-Yl-1h-Pyrazol-4-Yl)Quinoline	experimental			
DB03923	Feruloyl Coenzyme A	experimental			
DB03924	5,8-Di-Amino-1,4-Dihydroxy-Anthraquinone	experimental			
DB03925	Freselestat	experimental,investigational			
DB03926	5alpha-androstane-3beta,17alpha-diol	experimental	5alpha-androstane-3beta,17alpha-diol is the unspecified form of the steroid, normally a major metabolite of [testosterone] with androgenic activity. It has been implicated as a regulator of gonadotropin secretion.		
DB03927	Glycyl-L-alpha-amino-epsilon-pimelyl-D-alanine	experimental			
DB03928	Carboxymethylthio-3-(3-Chlorophenyl)-1,2,4-Oxadiazol	experimental			
DB03929	D-Serine	approved,experimental	A non-essential amino acid occurring in natural form as the L-isomer. It is synthesized from GLYCINE or THREONINE. It is involved in the biosynthesis of PURINES; PYRIMIDINES; and other amino acids. [PubChem]	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Clarithromycin Action Pathway,Roxithromycin Action Pathway,Gentamicin Action Pathway,Oxytetracycline Action Pathway,Tetracycline Action Pathway,Arbekacin Action Pathway,Troleandomycin Action Pathway,Josamycin Action Pathway,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Telithromycin Action Pathway,Amikacin Action Pathway,Spectinomycin Action Pathway,Demeclocycline Action Pathway,Doxycycline Action Pathway,Minocycline Action Pathway,Lymecycline Action Pathway,Tigecycline Action Pathway,Paromomycin Action Pathway,Methacycline Action Pathway,Lincomycin Action Pathway,Chloramphenicol Action Pathway,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Azithromycin Action Pathway,Clindamycin Action Pathway,Erythromycin Action Pathway,Kanamycin Action Pathway,Neomycin Action Pathway	
DB03930	4-Methyl-Pyrroline-5-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB03931	Diguanosine-5'-Triphosphate	experimental			
DB03932	LFA703	experimental			
DB03933	C-1027 Aromatized chromophore	experimental			
DB03934	Zinc protoporphyrin	experimental			
DB03935	1,4-Dideoxy-O2-Sulfo-Glucuronic Acid	experimental			
DB03936	1-Deoxy-Ribofuranose-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB03937	D-erythrose 4-phosphate	experimental			
DB03938	Deacetoxycephalosporin C	experimental			
DB03939	(4S)-4-hydroxy-3,4-dihydro-2(1H)-pyrimidinone	experimental			
DB03940	Oxamic Acid	experimental	Amino-substituted glyoxylic acid derivative. [PubChem]		
DB03941	p-Heptylphenol	experimental			
DB03942	Carboxylic PRPP	experimental			
DB03943	D-Asparagine	experimental	A non-essential amino acid that is involved in the metabolic control of cell functions in nerve and brain tissue. It is biosynthesized from ASPARTIC ACID and AMMONIA by asparagine synthetase. (From Concise Encyclopedia Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 3rd ed)		
DB03944	5-[1-(3,4-Dimethoxy-Benzoyl)-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Quinolin-6-Yl]-6-Methyl-3,6-Dihydro-[1,3,4]Thiadiazin-2-One	experimental			
DB03945	N,N,N-Trimethyl-2-(phosphonooxy)ethanaminium	experimental	Calcium and magnesium salts used therapeutically in hepatobiliary dysfunction.	Globoid Cell Leukodystrophy,Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/22:2(13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/24:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/18:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:3(8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/16:0)	
DB03946	3,4-Dihydroxybenzoic Acid	experimental			
DB03947	D-Xylulose	experimental			
DB03948	6-Chloropurine Riboside, 5'-Monophosphate	experimental			
DB03949	N-[(2S)-3-Phenyl-2-sulfanylpropanoyl]-L-phenylalanyl-L-tyrosine	experimental			
DB03950	(S)-N-(3-Indol-1-Yl-2-Methyl-Propyl)-4-Sulfamoyl-Benzamide	experimental			
DB03951	N-acetyl-D-glucosamine-6-phosphate	experimental			
DB03952	9-(6-deoxy-beta-D-allofuranosyl)-6-methylpurine	experimental			
DB03953	Thiocitrulline	experimental			
DB03955	1-deoxymannojirimycin	experimental	An alpha-glucosidase inhibitor with antiviral action. Derivatives of deoxynojirimycin may have anti-HIV activity. [PubChem]		
DB03956	Inositol 2,4,5-trisphosphate	experimental			
DB03957	SP2456	experimental			
DB03958	7-methyl-guanosine-5'-triphosphate-5'-guanosine	experimental			
DB03959	N,O6-Disulfo-Glucosamine	experimental			
DB03960	Cp-Coeleneterazine	experimental			
DB03961	2c-Methyl-D-Erythritol 2,4-Cyclodiphosphate	experimental			
DB03962	Nicotinamide 8-bromo-adenine dinucleotide phosphate	experimental			
DB03963	S-(Dimethylarsenic)Cysteine	experimental			
DB03964	4-Hydroxy-Aconitate Ion	experimental			
DB03966	Clorobiocin	experimental	Clorobiocin is an aminocoumarin antibiotic, similar to [novobiocin] and coumermycin A1.		
DB03967	Dodecyl sulfate	experimental			
DB03968	1-Methyl-2-Oxy-5,5-Dimethyl Pyrrolidine	experimental			
DB03970	(7R)-7-(6,7-Dihydro-5H-cyclopenta[d]imidazo[2,1-b][1,3]thiazol-2-yl)-2,7-dihydro-1,4-thiazepine-3,6-dicarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB03971	Acarbose Derived Hexasaccharide	experimental			
DB03972	2-Amino-4h-1,3-Benzoxathiin-4-Ol	experimental			
DB03973	3-[2,6,8-Trioxo-9-[(2R,3R,4R)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxypentyl]-3H-purin-7-yl]propyl dihydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB03974	L-homoarginine	experimental			
DB03975	Mercuribenzoic Acid	experimental			
DB03976	Phosphorylisopropane	experimental			
DB03977	Trimethyllysine	experimental			
DB03978	Tyrosinal	experimental			
DB03979	1-[Glycerolylphosphonyl]-2-[8-(2-Hexyl-Cyclopropyl)-Octanal-1-Yl]-3-[Hexadecanal-1-Yl]-Glycerol	experimental			
DB03980	4-(Fluorophenyl)-1-Cyclopropylmethyl-5-(2-Amino-4-Pyrimidinyl)Imidazole	experimental			
DB03981	1,4-Dideoxy-5-Dehydro-O2-Sulfo-Glucuronic Acid	experimental			
DB03982	Compound 5, 2-(Naphthalen-1-Yl-Oxalyl-Amino)-Benzoicacid	experimental			
DB03983	{[2-Amino-4-oxo-6,7-di(sulfanyl-κS)-3,5,5a,8,9a,10-hexahydro-4H-pyrano[3,2-g]pteridin-8-yl]methyl dihydrogenato(2-) phosphate}(dioxo)sulfanylmolybdenum	experimental			
DB03984	Morpholine-4-Carboxylic Acid [1-(2-Benzylsulfanyl-1-Formyl-Ethylcarbamoyl)-2-Phenyl-Ethyl]-Amide	experimental			
DB03985	R-azabisabolene	experimental			
DB03986	6-methyl-formycin A	experimental			
DB03987	2,4-Diamino-6-[N-(3',5'-Dimethoxybenzyl)-N-Methylamino]Pyrido[2,3-D]Pyrimidine	experimental			
DB03988	2,6-Diamino-Hexanoic Acid Amide	experimental			
DB03989	D-Allopyranose	experimental			
DB03990	4'-nitrophenyl-3i-thiolaminaritrioside	experimental			
DB03991	2-deoxy-2,3-dehydro-N-acetylneuraminic acid	experimental			
DB03992	3-(Benzoylamino)-L-Alanine	experimental			
DB03993	Isocaproic acid	experimental			
DB03994	Ethanolamine	experimental	A viscous, hygroscopic amino alcohol with an ammoniacal odor. It is widely distributed in biological tissue and is a component of lecithin. It is used as a surfactant, fluorimetric reagent, and to remove CO2 and H2S from natural gas and other gases.	Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/15:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:2(11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/20:5(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:5(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/18:3(9Z,12Z,15Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/22:2(13Z,16Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(14:1(9Z)/24:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/16:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/18:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:1(11Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:3(8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(15:0/22:6(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:1(9Z)),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/16:0),Phosphatidylcholine Biosynthesis PC(16:0/18:1(9Z))	
DB03995	Betadex	experimental			
DB03996	3-[(5s)-1-Acetyl-3-(2-Chlorophenyl)-4,5-Dihydro-1h-Pyrazol-5-Yl]Phenol	experimental			
DB03997	L-histidinol phosphate	experimental			
DB03998	[2-(Methyleneamine)-4-(4-Hydroxy-Benzylidine)-5-Oxo-4,5-Dihydro-Imidazol-1-Yl]-Acetaldehyde	experimental			
DB03999	Butylphosphonate	experimental			
DB04000	Bromo-Willardiine	experimental			
DB04001	6-(Oxalyl-Amino)-1h-Indole-5-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB04002	4-Sulfonamide-[4-(Thiomethylaminobutane)]Benzamide	experimental			
DB04003	{4-[(2S)-2-Acetamido-3-({(1S)-1-[3-carbamoyl-4-(cyclohexylmethoxy)phenyl]ethyl}amino)-3-oxopropyl]-2-phosphonophenoxy}acetic acid	experimental			
DB04004	2,6-Diamino-8-(2-Dimethylaminoethylsulfanylmethyl)-3h-Quinazolin-4-One	experimental			
DB04005	Uridine 5'-triphosphate	experimental,investigational	Uridine 5&#39;-(tetrahydrogen triphosphate). A uracil nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety.		
DB04006	[2-Amino-6-(2,6-Difluoro-Benzoyl)-Imidazo[1,2-a]Pyridin-3-Yl]-Phenyl-Methanone	experimental			
DB04007	Bromo-WR99210	experimental			
DB04008	Zinc;[amino-[2-[[5-[amino(azaniumylidene)methyl]benzimidazol-1-id-2-yl]methyl]benzimidazol-1-id-5-yl]methylidene]azanium	experimental			
DB04009	Dimethyl Propionate Ester Heme	experimental			
DB04010	2-(3'-Methoxyphenyl) Benzimidazole-4-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB04011	2'-(4-Dimethylaminophenyl)-5-(4-Methyl-1-Piperazinyl)-2,5'-Bi-Benzimidazole	experimental			
DB04012	(3r)-4-(P-Toluenesulfonyl)-1,4-Thiazane-3-Carboxylicacid-L-Leucine	experimental			
DB04013	1-Deoxy-1-methoxycarbamido-beta-D-gluco-2-heptulopyranosonamide	experimental			
DB04014	Alsterpaullone	experimental			
DB04015	Methionine Phosphinate	experimental			
DB04016	2-[3-({Methyl[1-(2-Naphthoyl)Piperidin-4-Yl]Amino}Carbonyl)-2-Naphthyl]-1-(1-Naphthyl)-2-Oxoethylphosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB04017	Clorgiline	experimental	An antidepressive agent and monoamine oxidase inhibitor related to PARGYLINE.		
DB04018	S-Isopropyl-Isothiourea	experimental			
DB04020	4-(2-{[4-{[3-(4-Chlorophenyl)Propyl]Sulfanyl}-6-(1-Piperazinyl)-1,3,5-Triazin-2-Yl]Amino}Ethyl)Phenol	experimental			
DB04021	MF268	experimental			
DB04022	Guanosine tetraphosphate	experimental	Guanosine tetraphosphate is a guanine nucleotide containing four phosphate groups. Two phosphate groups are esterified to the sugar moiety in the 5' position and the other two in the 2' or 3' position. This nucleotide serves as a messenger to turn off the synthesis of ribosomal RNA when amino acids are not available for protein synthesis.		
DB04023	GDP-alpha-D-mannuronic acid	experimental			
DB04024	Serine-3'-aminoadenosine	experimental			
DB04026	Pseudotropine	experimental			
DB04027	D-arginine	experimental	A D-α-amino acid that is the D-isomer of arginine (only the L-form is physiologically active).		
DB04028	Tyvelose	experimental			
DB04029	Phenylalanylamide	experimental			
DB04030	1,3,4,9-Tetrahydro-2-(Hydroxybenzoyl)-9-[(4-Hydroxyphenyl)Methyl]-6-Methoxy-2h-Pyrido[3,4-B]Indole	experimental			
DB04031	Serine vanadate	experimental			
DB04032	Adamantane-1-Carboxylic Acid-5-Dimethylamino-Naphthalene-1-Sulfonylamino-Butyl-Amide	experimental			
DB04033	Z-Ala Prolinal	experimental			
DB04034	Ribulose-5-Phosphate	experimental		Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Ribose-5-phosphate Isomerase Deficiency,Transaldolase Deficiency,Warburg Effect	
DB04035	Ceftazidime BATSI	experimental			
DB04036	Coenzyme A persulfide	experimental	Coenzyme A persulfide is a possible in vivo inhibitor of mammalian short chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase.		
DB04037	N,N-Bis(4-Chlorobenzyl)-1h-1,2,3,4-Tetraazol-5-Amine	experimental			
DB04038	Ergosterol	approved,experimental	A steroid of interest both because its biosynthesis in FUNGI is a target of ANTIFUNGAL AGENTS, notably AZOLES, and because when it is present in SKIN of animals, ULTRAVIOLET RAYS break a bond to result in ERGOCALCIFEROL.		
DB04039	3-Oxo-Pentadecanoic Acid	experimental			
DB04040	N-[1,3-Di(4-morpholinyl)-2-propanyl]-3-(α-D-galactopyranosyloxy)-5-nitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB04041	Nitrocefin Acyl-Serine	experimental			
DB04042	2-[4-(Hydroxy-Methoxy-Methyl)-Benzyl]-7-(4-Hydroxymethyl-Benzyl)-1,1-Dioxo-3,6-Bis-Phenoxymethyl-1lambda6-[1,2,7]Thiadiazepane-4,5-Diol	experimental			
DB04043	Carboxymycobactin T	experimental			
DB04044	4-{2-[(3-Nitrobenzoyl)Amino]Phenoxy}Phthalic Acid	experimental			
DB04045	(R)-methylmalonyl-CoA	experimental			
DB04046	Methyl beta-galactoside	experimental			
DB04047	6-hydroxymethylpterin diphosphate	experimental			
DB04048	N-Carbamoyl-Alanine	experimental			
DB04049	Coelenteramide	experimental			
DB04050	N-Propyl Isocyanide	experimental			
DB04051	5-phenylpentanoic acid	experimental			
DB04052	3,4-Xylenol	experimental			
DB04053	Hypophosphite	experimental			
DB04054	9-Butyl-8-(2,5-Dimethoxy-Benzyl)-2-Fluoro-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB04055	2,3-Dicarboxy-4-(2-Chloro-Phenyl)-1-Ethyl-5-Isopropoxycarbonyl-6-Methyl-Pyridinium	experimental			
DB04057	N-[4-([(2-Amino-4-oxo-1,4-dihydropyrido[3,2-d]pyrimidin-6-yl)methyl]{(2E)-3-[4-carbamoyl-1-(5-O-phosphono-beta-D-ribofuranosyl)-1H-imidazol-5-yl]-2-propenoyl}amino)benzoyl]-L-glutamic acid	experimental			
DB04058	N-Carbamoylphenylalanine	experimental			
DB04059	8-(Pyrimidin-2-Ylamino)Naphthalene-2-Carboximidamide	experimental			
DB04060	(5-methyl-6-oxo-1,6-dihydro-pyridin-3-yl)-1,2-dideoxy-ribofuranose-5-monophosphate	experimental			
DB04061	Alpha-Amino-2-Indanacetic Acid	experimental			
DB04062	beta-D-fucose	experimental			
DB04063	alpha-Methylleucine	experimental			
DB04064	Nogalaviketone	experimental			
DB04065	N-Cyclopentyl-N-Cyclobutylformamide	experimental			
DB04066	p-Coumaric acid	experimental			
DB04067	4-hydroxybenzyl coenzyme A	experimental			
DB04068	2',3'-dideoxy-3'-fluoro-urididine-5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB04069	5,6-Dihydro-Benzo[H]Cinnolin-3-Ylamine	experimental			
DB04070	6-Deoxyerythronolide B	experimental			
DB04071	Cpad	experimental			
DB04072	Alpha-Methylisocitric Acid	experimental			
DB04073	N-{3-[4-(3-amino-propyl)-piperazin-1-yl]-propyl}-3-nitro-5-(galactopyranosyl)-beta-benzamide	experimental			
DB04074	alpha-Ketoisovalerate	experimental		3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Isovaleric Acidemia,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Acid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Aciduria	
DB04075	N-Acetyl-L-Glutamate	experimental			
DB04076	Hypoxanthine	experimental	Hypoxanthine is a purine and a reaction intermediate in the metabolism of adenosine and in the formation of nucleic acids by the salvage pathway.	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB04079	Heptane-1,2,3-Triol	experimental			
DB04080	RU78191	experimental			
DB04081	(4s-Trans)-4-(Methylamino)-5,6-Dihydro-6-Methyl-4h-Thieno(2,3-B)Thiopyran-2-Sulfonamide-7,7-Dioxide	experimental			
DB04082	Decyloxy-Methanol	experimental			
DB04083	N(6)-(pyridoxal phosphate)-L-lysine	experimental			
DB04084	2-deoxy-2-fluoro-α-D-mannose	experimental			
DB04085	Bis(N-maleimidomethyl)ether	experimental			
DB04086	2',4'-Dinitrophenyl-2deoxy-2-Fluro-B-D-Cellobioside	experimental			
DB04087	Open Form of 2'-Deoxy-Ribofuranose-5'-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04088	2-[{4-[(2S)-2-{[(Allyloxy)carbonyl]amino}-3-({4-[3-hydroxy-2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenoxy]butyl}amino)-3-oxopropyl]phenyl}(carboxycarbonyl)amino]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB04089	AL5300	experimental			
DB04090	RH-1	experimental,investigational	RH-1 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors and Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma.		
DB04092	Apstatin	experimental			
DB04093	Undecanal	experimental			
DB04094	4-hydroxybutan-2-one	experimental			
DB04095	9-Deazahypoxanthine	experimental			
DB04096	(2R,3R,4R,5R)-4,5-Dihydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-6-oxo-3-piperidinyl beta-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB04097	Uridine-5'-diphosphate-4-deoxy-4-fluoro-alpha-D-galactose	experimental			
DB04098	Balanol	experimental			
DB04099	Deamido-Nad+	experimental			
DB04100	Tricarbonyl(1,10-phenanthroline)rhenium(1+)	experimental			
DB04101	N'-[4-(2,4-Dimethyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)-2-pyrimidinyl]-N-hydroxyimidoformamide	experimental			
DB04102	2-Amino-Adenosine	experimental			
DB04103	3-Methylcytosine	experimental			
DB04104	3-Methyladenine	experimental			
DB04105	N-Heptylformamide	experimental			
DB04106	Fotemustine	investigational			
DB04107	[(1-{2[(4-Carbamimidoyl-Phenylamino)-Methyl]-1-Methyl-1h-Benzoimidazol-5-Yl}-Cyclopropyl)-Pyridin-2-Yl-Methyleneaminooxy]-Acetic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB04108	(2s,3r)-3-Amino-2-Hydroxy-5-(Ethylsulfanyl)Pentanoyl-((S)-(-)-(1-Naphthyl)Ethyl)Amide	experimental			
DB04109	[4-(1,3,2-Dioxaborolan-2-Yloxy)Methyl]Benzamidine	experimental			
DB04110	2-Nitro-4-cresol	experimental			
DB04111	Balhimycin	experimental	Balhimycin is a novel glycopeptide antibiotic.		
DB04112	(2R)-2-Acetamido-3-(octadecyloxy)propyl 2-(methylsulfanyl)ethyl hydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB04113	N-Formylpiperidine	experimental			
DB04114	3-Chloro-9-Ethyl-6,7,8,9,10,11-Hexahydro-7,11-Methanocycloocta[B]Quinolin-12-Amine	experimental			
DB04115	Berberine	approved,investigational	An alkaloid from Hydrastis canadensis L., Berberidaceae. It is also found in many other plants. It is relatively toxic parenterally, but has been used orally for various parasitic and fungal infections and as antidiarrheal.		
DB04116	Allolactose	experimental			
DB04117	4-(N,N-Dimethylamino)cinnamoyl-CoA	experimental			
DB04118	N-Coeleneterazine	experimental			
DB04119	Hexatantalum Dodecabromide	experimental			
DB04120	4-Methyl-1,2-Benzenediol	experimental			
DB04121	Guanosine-3'-monophosphate-5'-diphosphate	experimental			
DB04122	beta-D-glucose 6-phosphate	experimental			
DB04123	(P-Iodophenylacetylamino)Methylphosphinic Acid	experimental			
DB04124	Aurodox	experimental	Aurodox is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces variant considered as possibly effective against streptococcus pyogenes infections. It may promote growth in poultry.		
DB04125	N-Alpha-(2-Naphthylsulfonyl)-N(3-Amidino-L-Phenylalaninyl)-4-Acetyl-Piperazine	experimental			
DB04126	N-[1-Hydroxycarboxyethyl-Carbonyl]Leucylamino-2-Methyl-Butane	experimental			
DB04127	beta-D-arabinofuranose 5-phosphate	experimental			
DB04128	5-Nitroso-6-ribityl-amino-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione	experimental			
DB04129	Willardiine	experimental	Willardiine is a compound isolated from seeds of _Acacia willariana_.		
DB04130	5-Methoxybenzimidazole	experimental			
DB04131	10-(4-Dimethylamino-5-Hydroxy-6-Methyl-Tetrahydro-Pyran-2-Yloxy)-8-Ethyl-1,8,11-Trihydroxy-7,8,9,10-Tetrahydro-Naphthacene-5,12-Dione	experimental			
DB04132	S-Hexylglutathione	experimental			
DB04133	Degraded Cephaloridine	experimental			
DB04135	(4S)-5-Fluoro-4-hydroxy-3,4-dihydro-2(1H)-pyrimidinone	experimental			
DB04136	Lysophosphotidylserine	experimental			
DB04137	Guanosine-5'-Triphosphate	experimental	Guanosine 5&#39;-(tetrahydrogen triphosphate). A guanine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. [PubChem]		
DB04138	5-[Bis(2-bromoethyl)amino]-N-(2,3-dioxopropyl)-2,4-dinitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB04139	6-Hydroxypropylthymine	experimental			
DB04140	1-Benzyl-3-(4-Methoxy-Benzenesulfonyl)-6-Oxo-Hexahydro-Pyrimidine-4-Carboxylic Acid Hydroxyamide	experimental			
DB04141	2-Hexyloxy-6-Hydroxymethyl-Tetrahydro-Pyran-3,4,5-Triol	experimental			
DB04142	3-(3,5-Dibromo-4-Hydroxy-Benzoyl)-2-Ethyl-Benzofuran-6-Sulfonic Acid Dimethylamide	experimental			
DB04143	Indole-3-Glycerol Phosphate	experimental			
DB04144	Cis-[4,5-Bis-(4-Chlorophenyl)-2-(2-Isopropoxy-4-Methoxyphenyl)-4,5-Dihyd Roimidazol-1-Yl]-Piperazin-1-Yl-Methanone	experimental			
DB04145	Nicotinyl alcohol	experimental	A direct-acting peripheral vasodilator that causes flushing and may decrease blood pressure. It is used in vasospasm and threatened gangrene. [PubChem]		
DB04146	I-Coeleneterazine	experimental			
DB04147	Dodecyldimethylamine N-oxide	experimental			
DB04149	(R)-Rolipram	experimental	The (R)-enantiomer of rolipram, it is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor with antidepressant properties.		
DB04150	N-alpha-Acetyl-3,5-diiodotyrosyl-D-threonine	experimental			
DB04151	1-Methylhistidine	experimental		Histidine Metabolism,Histidinemia	
DB04152	2-Amino-3-(3-Hydroxy-7,8-Dihydro-6h-Cyclohepta[D]-4-Isoxazolyl)Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB04153	S-Hydroxymethyl Glutathione	experimental			
DB04154	N-Methyl-N-[3-(6-Phenyl[1,2,4]Triazolo[4,3-B]Pyridazin-3-Yl)Phenyl]Acetamide	experimental			
DB04155	2-Fluoro-2-Deoxy-Beta-D-Galactopyranosyl-Beta-D-Glucopyranose	experimental			
DB04156	Aspartate beryllium trifluoride	experimental			
DB04157	N-[(Aminooxy)Carbonyl]Aniline	experimental			
DB04158	6-(adenosine tetraphosphate-methyl)-7,8-dihydropterin	experimental			
DB04159	Beta-Hydroxytryptophane	experimental			
DB04160	Pyrophosphoric acid	approved,experimental		Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Ammonia Recycling,Inositol Metabolism,Propanoate Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Galactose Metabolism,Histidine Metabolism,Pyrimidine Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Fatty Acid Metabolism,Starch and Sucrose Metabolism,Pyruvate Metabolism,Glutamate Metabolism,Butyrate Metabolism,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Betaine Metabolism,Biotinidase Deficiency,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Histidinemia,Leigh Syndrome,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy)	
DB04161	Propionamide	experimental			
DB04162	5-Nitro-6-ribityl-amino-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione	experimental			
DB04163	5-Phenylsulfanyl-2,4-Quinazolinediamine	experimental			
DB04164	1,4-Deoxy-4-((5-Hydroxymethyl-2,3,4-Trihydroxycyclohex-5-Enyl)Amino)Fructose	experimental			
DB04165	Valpromide	experimental			
DB04166	Anthranilic acid	experimental			
DB04167	Aceglutamide	experimental			
DB04168	Bropirimine	experimental			
DB04169	3,5-Diaminophthalhydrazide	experimental			
DB04170	4-bromo-3-hydroxy-3-methyl butyl diphosphate	experimental			
DB04171	D-Isovaline	experimental			
DB04172	[2,4,6-Triisopropyl-Phenylsulfonyl-L-[3-Amidino-Phenylalanine]]-Piperazine-N'-Beta-Alanine	experimental			
DB04173	Fructose	approved,experimental			
DB04174	3'-1-carboxy-1-phosphonooxy-ethoxy-uridine-diphosphate-N-acetylglucosamine	experimental			
DB04175	Mdl-29951	experimental			
DB04176	Phosporic Acid Mono-[3,4-Dihydroxy-5-(5-Methoxy-Benzoimidazol-1-Yl)-Tetrahydro-Furan-2-Ylmethyl] Ester	experimental			
DB04177	Digitoxigenin	experimental	Digitoxigenin is a cardenolide which is the aglycon of digitoxin.		
DB04178	Di-Stearoyl-3-Sn-Phosphatidylcholine	experimental			
DB04179	Benzofuran	experimental			
DB04180	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(2,4-Difluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB04182	(S)-2-Amino-4-[(2s,3r)-2,3,5-Trihydroxy-4-Oxo-Pentyl]Mercapto-Butyric Acid	experimental			
DB04183	Methylmalonic Acid	experimental	A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]	3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA Lyase Deficiency,Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria,Isobutyryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Propanoate Metabolism,2-Methyl-3-hydroxybutryl-CoA Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type I,beta-Ketothiolase Deficiency,Isovaleric Acidemia,Valine, Leucine, and Isoleucine Degradation,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type III,3-Methylglutaconic Aciduria Type IV,Maple Syrup Urine Disease,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Propionic Acidemia,3-Methylcrotonyl-CoA Carboxylase Deficiency Type I,Isovaleric Aciduria,Methylmalonate Semialdehyde Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Vitamin K Metabolism,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Acid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,3-Hydroxyisobutyric Aciduria	
DB04185	Norvaline	experimental	Norvaline is an isomer of the more common amino acid valine.		
DB04186	N'-(Pyrrolidino[2,1-B]Isoindolin-4-On-8-Yl)-N-(Pyridin-2-Yl)Urea	experimental			
DB04187	(9S,10S)-9-(S-glutathionyl)-10-hydroxy-9,10-dihydrophenanthrene	experimental			
DB04188	MDL72527	experimental			
DB04189	N(2)-(2-carboxyethyl)-L-arginine	experimental			
DB04190	2,5-dibenzyloxy-3-hydroxy-hexanedioic acid bis-[(2-hydroxy-indan-1-yl)-amide]	experimental			
DB04191	Skf 107457	experimental			
DB04193	L-Homoserine	experimental		Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Methionine Metabolism,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type	
DB04194	Triacetylchitotriose	experimental			
DB04195	Heptulose-2-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04196	Pteroic acid	experimental			
DB04197	Descarboxy-nor-N(Omega)-Hydroxy-L-Arginine	experimental			
DB04198	Formycin B	experimental			
DB04199	1-Monohexanoyl-2-Hydroxy-Sn-Glycero-3-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04200	Matairesinol	experimental			
DB04201	Histidyl-Adenosine Monophosphate	experimental			
DB04202	Isoformononetin	experimental			
DB04203	3-Mercuri-4-Aminobenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB04204	[(4-{4-[4-(Difluoro-Phosphono-Methyl)-Phenyl]-Butyl}-Phenyl)-Difluoro-Methyl]-Phosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB04205	Thymidine-3',5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB04206	7-Aza-L-tryptophan	experimental			
DB04207	L-Saccharopine	experimental		2-Aminoadipic 2-Oxoadipic Aciduria,Glutaric Aciduria Type I,Saccharopinuria/Hyperlysinemia II,Hyperlysinemia I, Familial,Lysine Degradation,Hyperlysinemia II or Saccharopinuria,Pyridoxine Dependency with Seizures	
DB04208	3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)propanoic acid	experimental			
DB04209	Dequalinium	approved,investigational	Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.		
DB04210	3-(alpha-D-galactopyranosyloxy)-N-(3-{4-[3-({2-[(3-{4-[3-({[3-(hexopyranosyloxy)-5-nitrophenyl]carbonyl}amino)propyl]piperazin-1-yl}propyl)amino]-3,4-dioxocyclobut-1-en-1-yl}amino)propyl]piperazin-1-yl}propyl)-5-nitrobenzamide	experimental			
DB04211	5-(acetylamino)-3,5-dideoxy-3-fluoro-D-erythro-alpha-L-manno-non-2-ulopyranosonic acid	experimental			
DB04212	2-Iminiopropanoate	experimental			
DB04213	N-Cyclohexyl-N'-(Propyl)Phenyl Urea	experimental			
DB04214	4-Nitrophenyl Phosphate	experimental			
DB04215	CRA_9076	experimental			
DB04216	Quercetin	experimental,investigational	Quercetin is a flavonol widely distributed in plants. It is an antioxidant, like many other phenolic heterocyclic compounds. Glycosylated forms include RUTIN and quercetrin.		
DB04217	L-2-amino-3-butynoic acid	experimental			
DB04218	1-Deaza-Adenosine	experimental			
DB04219	Trivanadate	experimental			
DB04220	CGP 4832	experimental			
DB04221	Didecyldimethylammonium	approved,experimental			
DB04222	Sparsomycin	experimental	An antitumor antibiotic produced by Streptomyces sparsogenes. It inhibits protein synthesis in 70S and 80S ribosomal systems. [PubChem]		
DB04223	Nitroarginine	experimental,investigational	An inhibitor of nitric oxide synthetase which has been shown to prevent glutamate toxicity. Nitroarginine has been experimentally tested for its ability to prevent ammonia toxicity and ammonia-induced alterations in brain energy and ammonia metabolites. (Neurochem Res 1995:200(4):451-6)		
DB04224	Oleic Acid	approved,investigational,vet_approved	An unsaturated fatty acid that is the most widely distributed and abundant fatty acid in nature. It is used commercially in the preparation of oleates and lotions, and as a pharmaceutical solvent. (Stedman, 26th ed)		
DB04225	N-Methyldehydrobutyrine	experimental			
DB04226	Dihydro-Acarbose	experimental			
DB04227	9-Amino-2-deoxy-2,3-dehydro-n-acetyl-neuraminic acid	experimental			
DB04228	Dihydroxyphenylglycine	experimental			
DB04229	7,10,13-Tri(Carboxymethyl)-5,15-Dioxo-4,7,10,13,16-Pentaaza-1,19-Dithianonadecane	experimental			
DB04230	Nitromethyldethia coenzyme A	experimental			
DB04231	Tetra(imidazole)diaquacopper (I)	experimental			
DB04232	N-Hydroxy-1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)Sulfonyl-4-Benzyloxycarbonyl-Piperazine-2-Carboxamide	experimental			
DB04233	(Hydroxyethyloxy)Tri(Ethyloxy)Octane	experimental			
DB04234	N2-({[(4-Bromophenyl)Methyl]Oxy}Carbonyl)-N1-[(1s)-1-Formylpentyl]-L-Leucinamide	experimental			
DB04235	4-Amino Hexanoic Acid	experimental			
DB04236	2-Amino-3-(1h-Indol-3-Yl)-Propan-1-Ol	experimental			
DB04237	Tris(Hydroxyethyl)Aminomethane	experimental			
DB04238	N-Alpha-(2-Naphthylsulfonyl)-N-(3-Amidino-L-Phenylalaninyl)-D-Pipecolinic Acid	experimental			
DB04239	2-Amino-6-Aminomethyl-8-Phenylsulfanylmethyl-3h-Quinazolin-4-One	experimental			
DB04240	(1S)-1-C-{(2R)-6-[(2R)-2-Butanyl]-5,10-dihydroxy-4-oxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-2-anthracenyl}-5-deoxy-1-O-methyl-D-xylulose	experimental			
DB04241	N-Pyridoxyl-2-Methylalanine-5-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04242	4-hydroxybenzoic acid	experimental		Ubiquinone Biosynthesis	
DB04243	TMP	experimental			
DB04244	(2R)-2-(3-Biphenylyl)-N-{(2R)-2-hydroxy-3-[(2-pyridinylsulfonyl)amino]propyl}-4-methylpentanamide	experimental			
DB04246	CRA_23653	experimental			
DB04248	beta-(1->4)-galactotriose	experimental			
DB04249	Zinc Substituted Heme C	experimental			
DB04250	Butyrylthiocholine	experimental	A sulfur-containing analog of butyrylcholine which is hydrolyzed by butyrylcholinesterase to butyrate and thiocholine. It is used as a reagent in the determination of butyrylcholinesterase activity. [PubChem]		
DB04252	N-Carbamoylaspartic acid	experimental		Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),Aspartate Metabolism,beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Canavan Disease,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,Hypoacetylaspartia,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB04253	Tretazicar	investigational	Tretazicar is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00746590 (Study of Anti-tumour Effects and Safety of Prolarix™ in Hepatocellular Carcinoma).		
DB04254	8-Benzo[1,3]Dioxol-,5-Ylmethyl-9-Butyl-2-Fluoro-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB04255	Inhibitor BEA388	experimental			
DB04256	(S)-alpha-methyl-4-carboxyphenylglycine	experimental			
DB04257	Palmitoleic Acid	experimental			
DB04258	Seocalcitol	investigational			
DB04259	7-Methyl-7,8-dihydroguanosine 5'-(dihydrogen phosphate)	experimental			
DB04260	9-(5,5-Difluoro-5-Phosphonopentyl)Guanine	experimental			
DB04261	Carbamic Acid	experimental			
DB04262	3-(7-hydroxy-8-ribityllumazine-6-yl) propionic acid	experimental			
DB04263	Geneticin	experimental	Geneticin (also known as G418) is an aminoglycoside antibiotic similar in structure to gentamicin B1, produced by Micromonospora rhodorangea. Geneticin blocks polypeptide synthesis by inhibiting the elongation step in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells and is commonly used in laboratory research to select genetically engineered cells. Resistance to Geneticin is conferred by the neo gene from Tn5 encoding an aminoglycoside 3‘-phosphotransferase, APH 3‘ II.		
DB04264	(10R)-10-formyl-5,8,10-trideazafolic acid	experimental			
DB04265	N-acetyl-beta-neuraminic acid	experimental	An N-acyl derivative of neuraminic acid. N-acetylneuraminic acid occurs in many polysaccharides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids in animals and bacteria. (From Dorland, 28th ed, p1518)		
DB04266	5-(6-D-ribitylamino-2,4-dihydroxypyrimidin-5-yl)-1-pentyl-phosphonic acid	experimental			
DB04267	Dipicolinic acid	experimental			
DB04268	Methylumbelliferyl chitotriose	experimental			
DB04269	Cyclotheonamide A	experimental	Cyclotheonamide A is a cyclic peptide isolated from the marine sponge Theonella.		
DB04270	(S)-3-(4-(2-Carbazol-9-Yl-Ethoxy)-Phenyl)-2-Ethoxy-Propionic Acid	experimental			
DB04271	3,5-Dimethyl-1h-Pyrazole-4-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB04272	Citric acid	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	A key intermediate in metabolism. It is an acid compound found in citrus fruits. The salts of citric acid (citrates) can be used as anticoagulants due to their calcium chelating ability.Citric acid was one of active ingredients in Phexxi, a non-hormonal contraceptive agent that was approved by the FDA on May 2020.[L14120]	The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,The Oncogenic Action of L-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Citric Acid Cycle,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Deficiency (E3),Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Deficiency (E2),The Oncogenic Action of Succinate,Glutaminolysis and Cancer,The Oncogenic Action of D-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Transfer of Acetyl Groups into Mitochondria,Congenital Lactic Acidosis,Fumarase Deficiency,Mitochondrial Complex II Deficiency,2-Ketoglutarate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Warburg Effect,The Oncogenic Action of 2-Hydroxyglutarate	
DB04273	8,9-Dichloro-2,3,4,5-Tetrahydro-1h-Benzo[C]Azepine	experimental			
DB04274	(2S)-7-hydroxyflavanone	experimental			
DB04275	N-acetylserotonin	experimental		Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB04276	4-[[(2S)-2-[[(2S)-3-Carboxy-2-hydroxypropanoyl]amino]-4-methylpentanoyl]amino]butyl-(diaminomethylidene)azanium	experimental			
DB04277	Fructose -6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04278	2-[2-(2-Cyclohexyl-2-guanidino-acetylamino)-acetylamino]-N-(3-mercapto-propyl)-propionamide	experimental			
DB04279	3-Isopropylmalic Acid	experimental			
DB04280	3,4-Dihydro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB04281	2-[4-(4-Chlorophenyl)Cyclohexylidene]-3,4-Dihydroxy-1(2h)-Naphthalenone	experimental			
DB04282	2-deoxy-2-fluoro-α-D-glucose	experimental			
DB04283	2-Bromohypoxanthine	experimental			
DB04284	L-proline betaine	experimental			
DB04285	{4-[(2s,4e)-2-(1,3-Benzothiazol-2-Yl)-2-(1h-1,2,3-Benzotriazol-1-Yl)-5-Phenylpent-4-Enyl]Phenyl}(Difluoro)Methylphosphonic Acid	experimental			
DB04286	beta-D-Ribopyranose	experimental			
DB04287	KH064	experimental			
DB04288	2-[Trans-(4-Aminocyclohexyl)Amino]-6-(Benzyl-Amino)-9-Cyclopentylpurine	experimental			
DB04289	Genz-10850	experimental			
DB04291	Oxfenicine	experimental	Oxfenicine in an inhibitor of myocardial metabolism of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA).		
DB04292	4-[(Isopropylamino)Methyl]Phenylalanine	experimental			
DB04293	7-(2-Amino-2-Phenyl-Acetylamino)-3-Chloro-8-Oxo-1-Aza-Bicyclo[4.2.0]Oct-2-Ene-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB04294	5-Phosphoribosyl-1-(Beta-Methylene) Pyrophosphate	experimental			
DB04295	N-(Benzoylcarbamoyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosylamine	experimental			
DB04296	5-Oxo-L-Norleucine	experimental			
DB04297	Trichostatin A	experimental			
DB04298	3-(4-Amino-2-Tert-Butyl-5-Methyl-Phenylsulfanyl)-6-Cyclopentyl-4-Hydroxy-6-[2-(4-Hydroxy-Phenyl)-Ethyl]-5,6-Dihydro-Pyran-2-One	experimental			
DB04299	Maleic Acid	experimental		Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Phenylketonuria,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,The Oncogenic Action of Fumarate,The Oncogenic Action of L-2-Hydroxyglutarate in Hydroxygluaricaciduria,Carbamoyl Phosphate Synthetase Deficiency,Argininosuccinic Aciduria,Tyrosine Metabolism,Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Purine Metabolism,Citric Acid Cycle,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Tyrosinemia Type I,Mitochondrial Electron Transport Chain,Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Disulfiram Action Pathway,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT)	
DB04300	(1s,3r,4r,6s)-1,3,4,6-Tetrapkisphosphate	experimental			
DB04301	Bis(5-Amidino-2-Benzimidazolyl)Methane Ketone Hydrate	experimental			
DB04302	4-Hydroxy-3,5-Dimethyl-5-(2-Methyl-Buta-1,3-Dienyl)-5h-Thiophen-2-One	experimental			
DB04303	4-O-methyl-alpha-D-glucuronic acid	experimental			
DB04304	L-Gluconic Acid	experimental			
DB04306	5-[(4-Methylphenyl)Sulfanyl]-2,4-Quinazolinediamine	experimental			
DB04307	5-Hydroxy-N-Propargyl-1(R)-Aminoindan	experimental			
DB04308	D-4-hydroxyphenylglycine	experimental			
DB04310	2-[(Formyl-Hydroxy-Amino)-Methyl]-Heptanoic Acid [1-(2-Hydroxymethyl-Pyrrolidine-1-Carbonyl)-2-Methyl-Propyl]-Amide	experimental			
DB04311	4-Phenylbutylamine	experimental			
DB04312	2,3-Difluorobenzyl Alcohol	experimental			
DB04313	(3S)-3-methyl-D-aspartic acid	experimental,investigational			
DB04314	1-Methylcytosine	experimental			
DB04315	Guanosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental	A guanine nucleotide containing two phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. [PubChem]		
DB04316	D-[(N-Hydroxyamino)Carbonyl]Phenylalanine	experimental			
DB04317	3,3-Dichloro-2-Phosphonomethyl-Acrylic Acid	experimental			
DB04318	Nα-[(2S)-2-{[(S)-[(1S)-1-{[(Benzyloxy)carbonyl]amino}-2-phenylethyl](hydroxy)phosphoryl]methyl}-5-phenylpentanoyl]-L-tryptophanamide	experimental			
DB04320	2-Bromo-2-Propene-1-Ol	experimental			
DB04321	N-Hexylphosphonate Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB04322	LY249543	experimental			
DB04323	2-Amino-3-(Cystein-S-Yl)-Isoxazolidin-5-Yl-Acetic Acid	experimental			
DB04324	Ovalicin	experimental			
DB04325	Phenethylamine	experimental			
DB04326	Dihydroxyacetone phosphate	investigational	Dihydroxyacetone phosphate is an important intermediate in lipid biosynthesis and in glycolysis. Dihydroxyacetone phosphate has been investigated for the treatment of Lymphoma, Large-Cell, Diffuse.	Glycolysis,Fructose and Mannose Degradation,Glycerol Phosphate Shuttle,Glycerol Kinase Deficiency,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Glycogenosis, Type VII. Tarui Disease,Phosphoenolpyruvate Carboxykinase Deficiency 1 (PEPCK1),Glycogenosis, Type IB,De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:0/16:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/18:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/18:1(9Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/20:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/20:0/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:1(9Z)/18:1(9Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/16:1(9Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:1(9Z)/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:0/18:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:0/20:0),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/18:2(9Z,12Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:1(9Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/20:1(11Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:2(9Z,12Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:0/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:1(11Z)/20:1(11Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:1(11Z)/20:4(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)),De Novo Triacylglycerol Biosynthesis TG(16:1(9Z)/20:0/20:0)	
DB04327	Phosphatidylethanolamine	experimental			
DB04328	Shikimate-3-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04329	Isoquinoline	experimental			
DB04330	Bilh 434	experimental			
DB04331	Monastrol	experimental			
DB04332	2-{2-[2-2-(Methoxy-Ethoxy)-Ethoxy]-Ethoxy}-Ethanol	experimental			
DB04333	Octamethylenediamine	experimental			
DB04334	6-hydroxydopa quinone	experimental			
DB04335	Inosine	experimental,investigational	A purine nucleoside that has hypoxanthine linked by the N9 nitrogen to the C1 carbon of ribose. It is an intermediate in the degradation of purines and purine nucleosides to uric acid and in pathways of purine salvage. It also occurs in the anticodon of certain transfer RNA molecules. (Dorland, 28th ed)	Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB04336	1-(4-Amidinophenyl)-3-(4-Chlorophenyl)Urea	experimental			
DB04337	Isocyanomethane	experimental			
DB04338	SB220025	experimental			
DB04339	Carbocisteine	approved,investigational	Carbocisteine is a mucolytic that reduces the viscosity of sputum to relieve the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) and bronchiectasis through easier expulsion of mucus. Carbocisteine should not be used with antitussives (cough suppressants) or medicines that dry up bronchial secretions as they are functional antagonists. Carbocisteine is produced by alkylation of cysteine with chloroacetic acid.		
DB04340	2-[(Dioxidophosphoranyl)oxy]benzoate	experimental			
DB04341	S-(3-Iodobenzyl)glutathione	experimental			
DB04342	7-((Carboxy(4-Hydroxyphenyl)Acetyl)Amino)-7-Methoxy-(3-((1-Methyl-1h-Tetrazol-5-Yl)Thio)Methyl)-8-Oxo-5-Oxa-1-Azabicyclo[4.2.0]Oct-2-Ene-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB04343	Glyoxylic acid	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Lactic Acidemia,Primary Hyperoxaluria Type I,Alanine Metabolism,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Pyruvate Carboxylase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB04345	Lumichrome	experimental			
DB04346	(2r,4s)-2-Methyl-2,3,3,4-Tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran	experimental			
DB04347	3-Dehydroshikimate	experimental			
DB04348	Taurocholic acid	approved,experimental	The product of conjugation of cholic acid with taurine. Its sodium salt is the chief ingredient of the bile of carnivorous animals. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as a cholagogue and cholerectic.	Zellweger Syndrome,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III	
DB04349	(S)-propane-1,2-diol	experimental	(S)-propane-1,2-diol is a clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.		
DB04350	Argadin	experimental			
DB04351	Aconitate Ion	experimental			
DB04352	beta-D-Ribose-5-phosphate	experimental			
DB04353	Tert-butyl N-[(2S,5R)-6-[[(2S)-5-amino-1-[[(2S)-1-amino-1-oxo-3-phenylpropan-2-yl]amino]-1,5-dioxopentan-2-yl]amino]-5-benzyl-3,6-dioxo-1-phenylhexan-2-yl]carbamate	experimental			
DB04356	9-Deazaguanine	experimental			
DB04357	Pteric acid	experimental			
DB04359	Vinylsulfonic acid	experimental			
DB04360	Benzo[B]Thiophene-2-Boronic Acid	experimental			
DB04361	Methyldiazene	experimental			
DB04362	Adenosine Diphosphate 5-(Beta-Ethyl)-4-Methyl-Thiazole-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB04363	Mesobiliverdin IV alpha	experimental			
DB04364	(R)-acetoin	experimental	A product of fermentation. It is a component of the butanediol cycle in microorganisms. In mammals it is oxidized to carbon dioxide.		
DB04365	Arecoline	experimental	An alkaloid obtained from the betel nut (Areca catechu), fruit of a palm tree. It is an agonist at both muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. It is used in the form of various salts as a ganglionic stimulant, a parasympathomimetic, and a vermifuge, especially in veterinary practice. It has been used as a euphoriant in the Pacific Islands.		
DB04366	3'-Deoxy 3'-Amino Adenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB04367	Debromohymenialdisine	experimental			
DB04368	Bb-3497	experimental			
DB04369	1,3,2-Dioxaborolan-2-Ol	experimental			
DB04370	S-sulphocysteine	experimental			
DB04371	AL6528	experimental			
DB04372	L-Dilinoleoyllecithin	experimental			
DB04373	4-Amino-N-{4-[2-(2,6-Dimethyl-Phenoxy)-Acetylamino]-3-Hydroxy-1-Isobutyl-5-Phenyl-Pentyl}-Benzamide	experimental			
DB04374	4-Carboxy-5-(1-Pentyl)Hexylsulfanyl-1,2,3-Triazole	experimental			
DB04376	13-Acetylphorbol	experimental			
DB04377	Meglutol	experimental	An antilipemic agent which lowers cholesterol, triglycerides, serum beta-lipoproteins and phospholipids. It acts by interfering with the enzymatic steps involved in the conversion of acetate to hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A as well as inhibiting the activity of HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES which is the rate limiting enzyme in the biosynthesis of cholesterol.		
DB04378	3-Amino-N-{4-[2-(2,6-Dimethyl-Phenoxy)-Acetylamino]-3-Hydroxy-1-Isobutyl-5-Phenyl-Pentyl}-Benzamide	experimental			
DB04379	N-Methyl-N-(Methylbenzyl)Formamide	experimental			
DB04380	Allantoate	experimental			
DB04381	Crotonaldehyde	experimental			
DB04382	2-Deoxy-alpha-D-galactopyranose	experimental			
DB04383	L-valinol	experimental			
DB04384	Fe-Mesopone	experimental			
DB04385	3-Deazacytidine	experimental			
DB04386	4,6-O-(1-Carboxyethylidene)-Beta-D-Glucose	experimental			
DB04387	1-Hydroxy-2-Amino-3-Cyclohexylpropane	experimental			
DB04388	4-Carboxy-4-Aminobutanal	experimental		Arginine: Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency (AGAT Deficiency),Creatine Deficiency, Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency,Hyperornithinemia with Gyrate Atrophy (HOGA),Prolidase Deficiency (PD),Prolinemia Type II,Ornithine Aminotransferase Deficiency (OAT Deficiency),Hyperornithinemia-Hyperammonemia-Homocitrullinuria [HHH-syndrome],Arginine and Proline Metabolism,Guanidinoacetate Methyltransferase Deficiency (GAMT Deficiency),Hyperprolinemia Type II,Hyperprolinemia Type I,L-Arginine:Glycine Amidinotransferase Deficiency	
DB04389	Ado-P-Ch2-P-Ps-Ado	experimental			
DB04391	Aeruginosin 98-B	experimental			
DB04392	Bishydroxy[2h-1-Benzopyran-2-One,1,2-Benzopyrone]	experimental			
DB04393	Soneclosan	experimental			
DB04394	3-Nitro-4-(2-Oxo-Pyrrolidin-1-Yl)-Benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB04395	Phosphoaminophosphonic Acid-Adenylate Ester	experimental	5&#39;-Adenylic acid, monoanhydride with imidodiphosphoric acid. An analog of ATP, in which the oxygen atom bridging the beta to the gamma phosphate is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It is a potent competitive inhibitor of soluble and membrane-bound mitochondrial ATPase and also inhibits ATP-dependent reactions of oxidative phosphorylation. [PubChem]		
DB04396	Thiodigalactoside	experimental	Thiodigalactoside is a solid. This compound belongs to the dihexoses. These are disaccharides containing two hexose carbohydrates. This medication is known to target galectin-1, heat-labile enterotoxin b chain, neurocan core protein, and lactose permease.		
DB04397	Alpha-D-Glucose-1-Phosphate-6-Vanadate	experimental			
DB04398	Lactic acid	approved,vet_approved	A normal intermediate in the fermentation (oxidation, metabolism) of sugar. The concentrated form is used internally to prevent gastrointestinal fermentation. (From Stedman, 26th ed) Sodium lactate is the sodium salt of lactic acid, and has a mild saline taste. It is produced by fermentation of a sugar source, such as corn or beets, and then, by neutralizing the resulting lactic acid to create a compound having the formula NaC3H5O3.Lactic acid was one of active ingredients in Phexxi, a non-hormonal contraceptive agent that was approved by the FDA on May 2020.[L14120]		
DB04400	L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin	experimental	7,8-Dihydrobiopterin is an inhibitor of the enzyme dihydroneopterin aldolase (DHNA), which catalyzes the conversion of 7,8-Dihydrobiopterin to 6-hydroxymethyl-7,8-dihydropterin and glycolaldehyde.		
DB04401	Betaine aldehyde	experimental		Betaine Metabolism,Sarcosine Oncometabolite Pathway	
DB04404	Allosamizoline	experimental			
DB04405	2-[2-(1,3-Dioxo-1,3-Dihydro-2h-Isoindol-2-Yl)Ethyl]-4-(4'-Ethoxy-1,1'-Biphenyl-4-Yl)-4-Oxobutanoic Acid	experimental			
DB04406	3-(Phosphonomethyl)Pyridine-2-Carboxylic Acid	experimental			
DB04407	4-[4-(4-Methyl-2-Methylamino-Thiazol-5-Yl)-Pyrimidin-2-Ylamino]-Phenol	experimental			
DB04408	Ncs-Chromophore	experimental			
DB04409	Naphthalene Trisulfonate	experimental			
DB04410	3-Phenylpropylamine	experimental			
DB04411	Alpha-N-Dichloroacetyl-P-Aminophenylserinol	experimental			
DB04414	Heptamolybdate	experimental			
DB04415	3-Amino-1-Chloro-4-Phenyl-Butanol-2-Yl	experimental			
DB04416	R-2-{[4'-Methoxy-(1,1'-Biphenyl)-4-Yl]-Sulfonyl}-Amino-6-Methoxy-Hex-4-Ynoic Acid	experimental			
DB04417	P-Nitrophenol	experimental			
DB04418	Adenylosuccinic acid	experimental			
DB04419	D-norleucine	experimental	An unnatural amino acid that is used experimentally to study protein structure and function. It is structurally similar to METHIONINE, however it does not contain SULFUR.		
DB04421	Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide 3-pentanone adduct	experimental			
DB04422	Homocysteine	experimental	Homocysteine is a thiol-containing amino acid formed by a demethylation of methionine.		
DB04423	Coproporphyrin I containing CO(III)	experimental			
DB04424	RPR128515	experimental			
DB04425	7,8-Dihydroneopterin	experimental			
DB04426	Alpha-Methyl-N-Acetyl-D-Glucosamine	experimental			
DB04427	4-Methyl-N-[(2S)-1-oxo-3-phenyl-1-[[(3S)-1-phenyl-5-(phenylmethoxysulfamoyl)pentan-3-yl]amino]propan-2-yl]piperazine-1-carboxamide	experimental			
DB04429	4'-Hydroxyflavanone	experimental			
DB04430	3-(4-Phenylamino-Phenylamino)-2-(1h-Tetrazol-5-Yl)-Acrylonitrile	experimental			
DB04431	4-epi-vancosaminyl derivative of vancomycin	experimental			
DB04432	ZK-805623	experimental			
DB04433	Verpacamide A	experimental			
DB04434	Naphthyridine Inhibitor	experimental			
DB04436	3-Fluoro-L-tyrosine	experimental	3-Fluoro-L-tyrosine is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylpropanoic acids. These are compounds whose structure contain a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-Fluoro-L-tyrosine targets the protein superoxide dismutase [mn], mitochondrial.		
DB04437	Cysteine-Methylene-Carbamoyl-1,10-Phenanthroline	experimental			
DB04438	Brivudine monophosphate	experimental			
DB04439	Modified Acarbose Pentasaccharide	experimental			
DB04440	Nebularine	experimental			
DB04441	2-Fluoroadenosine	experimental			
DB04442	Imino[2-(2-oxo-1,2-dihydro-3-pyridinyl)-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl]methanaminium	experimental			
DB04444	Tetrafluoroaluminate Ion	experimental			
DB04445	Mercuric iodide	experimental			
DB04446	Benzo[B]Thiophene-2-Carboxamidine	experimental			
DB04447	1,4-Dithiothreitol	experimental	A reagent commonly used in biochemical studies as a protective agent to prevent the oxidation of SH (thiol) groups and for reducing disulphides to dithiols. [PubChem]		
DB04448	2,4-Difluorobenzyl Alcohol 2,4-Difluoro-1-(Hydroxymethyl)Benzene	experimental			
DB04449	5-(3,3-Dihydroxypropeny)-3-Methoxy-Benzene-1,2-Diol	experimental			
DB04450	Heptyl 1-Thiohexopyranoside	experimental			
DB04451	4-Methylpiperazin-1-Yl Carbonyl Group	experimental			
DB04452	Aminoquinuride	experimental			
DB04453	4-O-(4,6-Dideoxy-4-{[4-[(4-O-Hexopyranosylhexopyranosyl)Oxy]-5,6-Dihydroxy-3-(Hydroxymethyl)Cyclohex-2-En-1-Yl]Amino}Hexopyranosyl)Hexopyranose	experimental			
DB04454	Alpha-Aminobutyric Acid	experimental			
DB04455	N,N,N-trimethylglycinium	experimental,investigational	A naturally occurring compound that has been of interest for its role in osmoregulation. As a drug, betaine hydrochloride has been used as a source of hydrochloric acid in the treatment of hypochlorhydria. Betaine has also been used in the treatment of liver disorders, for hyperkalemia, for homocystinuria, and for gastrointestinal disturbances. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1341)		
DB04456	Arsenous acid	experimental,investigational			
DB04457	2'-Deoxyguanosine-5'-Monophosphate	experimental		Adenylosuccinate Lyase Deficiency,Xanthine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (Xanthinuria),Xanthinuria Type I,Mitochondrial DNA Depletion Syndrome,Myoadenylate Deaminase Deficiency,Purine Metabolism,Purine Nucleoside Phosphorylase Deficiency,Lesch-Nyhan Syndrome (LNS),Gout or Kelley-Seegmiller Syndrome,Mercaptopurine Action Pathway,Adenine Phosphoribosyltransferase Deficiency (APRT),Adenosine Deaminase Deficiency,AICA-Ribosiduria,Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency,Azathioprine Action Pathway,Thioguanine Action Pathway,Xanthinuria Type II	
DB04458	2,2-Dichloro-1-methanesulfinyl-3-methyl-cyclopropanecarboxylic acid [1-(4-bromo-phenyl)-ethyl]-amide	experimental			
DB04459	3,4-Dichloroisocoumarin	experimental			
DB04460	(C8-S)-Hydantocidin 5'-phosphate	experimental			
DB04461	Coproporphyrinogen III	experimental		Porphyrin Metabolism,Acute Intermittent Porphyria,Porphyria Variegata (PV),Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease	
DB04462	Tetrabromo-2-Benzotriazole	experimental			
DB04463	3-(4-Amino-1-Tert-Butyl-1h-Pyrazolo[3,4-D]Pyrimidin-3-Yl)Phenol	experimental			
DB04464	N-Formylmethionine	experimental	N-Formylmethionine is effective in the initiation of protein synthesis. The initiating methionine residue enters the ribosome as N-formylmethionyl tRNA. This process occurs in Escherichia coli and other bacteria as well as in the mitochondria of eucaryotic cells.		
DB04465	Lactose	approved,experimental,investigational	A disaccharide of glucose and galactose in human and cow milk. It is used in pharmacy for tablets, in medicine as a nutrient, and in industry.	Congenital Disorder of Glycosylation CDG-IId,Galactosemia,GLUT-1 Deficiency Syndrome,Galactose Metabolism,Lactose Synthesis,Lactose Degradation,Lactose Intolerance	
DB04466	SR12813	experimental			
DB04467	N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-L-alanine	experimental			
DB04468	Afimoxifene	investigational	Afimoxifene (4-Hydroxytamoxifen, trade name TamoGel) is a new estrogen inhibitor under investigation for a variety of estrogen-dependent conditions, including cyclic breast pain and gynecomastia. TamoGel is formulated using Enhanced Hydroalcoholic Gel (EHG) Technology. This technology enables percutaneous delivery of drugs that cannot be delivered orally. It is being developed by Ascent Therapeutics.		
DB04469	1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-3,5-Dimethyl-1h-Pyrazole-4-Carboxylic Acid Ethyl Ester	experimental			
DB04470	CRA_10656	experimental			
DB04471	2-Phenyl-1-[4-(2-Piperidin-1-Yl-Ethoxy)-Phenyl]-1,2,3,4-Tetrahydro-Isoquinolin-6-Ol	experimental			
DB04472	(R)-1-Para-Nitro-Phenyl-2-Azido-Ethanol	experimental			
DB04473	alpha-L-fucose	experimental			
DB04474	8-anilinonaphthalene-1-sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB04476	Trencam-3,2-Hopo	experimental			
DB04477	2'-Deoxy-2'-[(3,5-dimethoxybenzoyl)amino]-N-[(1R)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-naphthalenyl]adenosine	experimental			
DB04478	Cp-166572, 2-Hydroxymethyl-4-(4-N,N-Dimethylaminosulfonyl-1-Piperazino)-Pyrimidine	experimental			
DB04479	4-Nitro-Inden-1-One	experimental			
DB04480	3-(4-Fluorophenyl)-2-(6-Methylpyridin-2-Yl)-5,6-Dihydro-4h-Pyrrolo[1,2-B]Pyrazole	experimental			
DB04481	Erythritol	experimental	Erythritol is a four-carbon sugar that is found in algae, fungi, and lichens. It is twice as sweet as sucrose and can be used as a coronary vasodilator.		
DB04482	Cmp-2-Keto-3-Deoxy-Octulosonic Acid	experimental			
DB04483	2-deoxy-2-fluoro-β-D-mannose	experimental			
DB04484	L-phenylalaninol	experimental			
DB04485	Thymidine	experimental,investigational	Thymidine is a pyrimidine deoxynucleoside. Thymidine is the DNA nucleoside T, which pairs with deoxyadenosine (A) in double-stranded DNA. In cell biology it is used to synchronize the cells in S phase.	Pyrimidine Metabolism,MNGIE (Mitochondrial Neurogastrointestinal Encephalopathy),beta-Ureidopropionase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidinase Deficiency,UMP Synthase Deficiency (Orotic Aciduria)	
DB04486	(2s)-2,8-Diaminooctanoic Acid	experimental			
DB04487	N-Methylleucine	experimental			
DB04488	(6S)-N-[(2S,3R,6R,7R)-3-(Acetyloxymethyl)-2-carboxy-8-oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4.2.0]octan-7-yl]-6-[(2-aminoacetyl)amino]-7-hydroxy-7-oxoheptanimidate	experimental			
DB04489	Guanidinoethylmercaptosuccinic acid	experimental			
DB04490	3-(Mercaptomethylene)Pyridine	experimental			
DB04491	Diisopropylphosphono Group	experimental			
DB04492	2-(acetylamino)-2-deoxy-4-O-sulfo-alpha-D-galactopyranose	experimental			
DB04493	Fructose-6-phosphate	experimental			
DB04494	Dihydroxy(oxo)molybdenum(6+)	experimental			
DB04495	Paratoulene phosphate	experimental			
DB04496	4-Phospho-D-erythronohydroxamic acid	experimental			
DB04497	2'-Monophosphoadenosine-5'-Diphosphoribose	experimental			
DB04498	Aspartate Semialdehyde	experimental			
DB04499	(R)-styrene oxide	experimental			
DB04500	Acedoben	experimental			
DB04501	Camphane	experimental			
DB04502	WRR-204	experimental			
DB04503	Sp-722	experimental			
DB04504	(3s)-2,3,4,5-Tetrahydropyridin-3-Amine	experimental			
DB04505	8-(2-Chloro-3,4,5-Trimethoxy-Benzyl)-9-Pent-4-Ylnyl-9h-Purin-6-Ylamine	experimental			
DB04506	Chlorophyll B	experimental	A light, silvery, metallic element. It has the atomic symbol Mg, atomic number 12, and atomic weight 24.31. Its salts are essential in nutrition, being required for the activity of many enzymes, especially those concerned with oxidative phosphorylation. It is a component of both intra- and extracellular fluids and is excreted in the urine and feces. Deficiency causes irritability of the nervous system with tetany, vasodilation, convulsions, tremors, depression, and psychotic behavior. (From Dorland, 27th ed)		
DB04508	Methyl(6s)-1-Thio-L-Manno-Hexodialdo-6,2-Pyranoside	experimental			
DB04509	N-Methylnaloxonium	experimental			
DB04510	3-phospho-D-glyceric acid	experimental			
DB04511	N-Succinyl Methionine	experimental			
DB04512	2-Isobutyl-3-methoxypyrazine	experimental			
DB04513	N-(6-Aminohexyl)-5-Chloro-1-Naphthalenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB04514	Uridylyl-2'-5'-phospho-guanosine	experimental			
DB04515	2-O-methyl-alpha-L-fucopyranose	experimental			
DB04516	2-Deoxy-Glucitol-6-Phosphate	experimental			
DB04517	Dipyrromethane Cofactor	experimental			
DB04518	3-[4-(2,4-Dimethyl-Thiazol-5-Yl)-Pyrimidin-2-Ylamino]-Phenol	experimental			
DB04519	Caprylic acid	investigational	Caprylic acid is an eight-carbon chain fatty acid, also known systematically as octanoic acid. It is found naturally in coconuts and breast milk. It is an oily liquid with a slightly unpleasant rancid-like smell that is minimally soluble in water.	Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB04520	(3s,8ar)-3-(4-Hydroxybenzyl)Hexahydropyrrolo[1,2-a]Pyrazine-1,4-Dione	experimental			
DB04521	4-S-Glutathionyl-5-pentyl-tetrahydro-furan-2-ol	experimental			
DB04522	Dexfosfoserine	experimental	The phosphoric acid ester of serine.	Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB04523	Tert-Butyl(1s)-1-Cyclohexyl-2-Oxoethylcarbamate	experimental			
DB04524	Malonyl-CoA	experimental	A coenzyme A derivative which plays a key role in the fatty acid synthesis in the cytoplasmic and microsomal systems.	Malonic Aciduria,Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency,Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency,Propanoate Metabolism,Pyruvate Metabolism,Leigh Syndrome,Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Complex Deficiency,Pyruvate Decarboxylase E1 Component Deficiency (PDHE1 Deficiency),Fatty Acid Biosynthesis,Primary Hyperoxaluria II, PH2	
DB04525	N-(3-Carboxypropanoyl)-L-phenylalanyl-3-carboxy-O-(carboxymethyl)-N-pentyl-L-tyrosinamide	experimental			
DB04526	L-Glycero-D-Manno-Heptopyranose	experimental			
DB04527	beta-Hydroxyasparagine	experimental			
DB04528	2,4-Dinitrophenol	experimental	A toxic dye, chemically related to trinitrophenol (picric acid), used in biochemical studies of oxidative processes where it uncouples oxidative phosphorylation. It is also used as a metabolic stimulant. (Stedman, 26th ed)		
DB04529	Desvancosaminyl vancomycin	experimental			
DB04530	S,S-(2-Hydroxyethyl)Thiocysteine	experimental			
DB04531	S-Benzylcysteine	experimental			
DB04532	Indole	experimental			
DB04533	2-Amino-4-methylphenol	experimental			
DB04534	5-Nitroindazole	experimental			
DB04537	Tryptophanamide	experimental			
DB04538	threo-3-methyl-L-aspartic acid	experimental			
DB04539	Glyphosate	experimental			
DB04540	Cholesterol	approved,investigational	The principal sterol of all higher animals, distributed in body tissues, especially the brain and spinal cord, and in animal fats and oils.	Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Zellweger Syndrome,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 5 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 17 alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase I Deficiency (CMO I),3-beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,11-beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP11B1),Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess Syndrome,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Steroid Biosynthesis,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Steroidogenesis,Atorvastatin Action Pathway	
DB04541	Cyclo(prolylglycyl)	experimental			
DB04542	Zidovudine diphosphate	experimental			
DB04543	2,6-Diamino-8-(1h-Imidazol-2-Ylsulfanylmethyl)-3h-Quinazoline-4-One	experimental			
DB04544	1-Deoxy-1-acetylamino-beta-D-gluco-2-heptulopyranosonamide	experimental			
DB04545	Afegostat	experimental,investigational			
DB04546	3-Deazaadenosine	experimental			
DB04547	Inhibitor BEA409	experimental			
DB04548	4-Deoxy-D-Glucuronic Acid	experimental			
DB04549	4-(Aminosulfonyl)-N-[(2,3,4-Trifluorophenyl)Methyl]-Benzamide	experimental			
DB04551	beta-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate	experimental			
DB04552	Niflumic acid	experimental	Niflumic acid is an analgesic and anti-inflammatory agent used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB04553	2-Oxobutanoic Acid	experimental		Glycine and Serine Metabolism,Propanoate Metabolism,Selenoamino Acid Metabolism,Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Methionine Metabolism,Malonic Aciduria,Methionine Adenosyltransferase Deficiency,Non-Ketotic Hyperglycinemia,Sarcosinemia,Homocystinuria, Cystathionine beta-Synthase Deficiency,Dihydropyrimidine Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DHPD),Methylmalonic Aciduria Due to Cobalamin-Related Disorders,S-Adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) Hydrolase Deficiency,Glycine N-Methyltransferase Deficiency,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Methylenetetrahydrofolate Reductase Deficiency (MTHFRD),Hypermethioninemia,Threonine and 2-Oxobutanoate Degradation,Homocysteine Degradation,Dimethylglycine Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Hyperglycinemia, Non-Ketotic,Malonyl-CoA Decarboxylase Deficiency,gamma-Cystathionase Deficiency (CTH),Homocystinuria-Megaloblastic Anemia Due to Defect in Cobalamin Metabolism, cblG Complementation Type,3-Phosphoglycerate Dehydrogenase Deficiency	
DB04554	8-Bromoadenosine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental			
DB04555	Cytidine-5'-Diphosphate	experimental	Cytidine 5&#39;-(trihydrogen diphosphate). A cytosine nucleotide containing two phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. Synonyms: CRPP; cytidine pyrophosphate. [PubChem]		
DB04556	NAP-226-90	experimental			
DB04557	Arachidonic Acid	experimental	An unsaturated, essential fatty acid. It is found in animal and human fat as well as in the liver, brain, and glandular organs, and is a constituent of animal phosphatides. It is formed by the synthesis from dietary linoleic acid and is a precursor in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes. [PubChem]	Piroxicam Action Pathway,Rofecoxib Action Pathway,Diclofenac Action Pathway,Sulindac Action Pathway,Nabumetone Action Pathway,Valdecoxib Action Pathway,Antipyrine Action Pathway,Flurbiprofen Action Pathway,Nepafenac Action Pathway,Etodolac Action Pathway,Ketoprofen Action Pathway,Ibuprofen Action Pathway,Celecoxib Action Pathway,Suprofen Action Pathway,Indomethacin Action Pathway,Diflunisal Action Pathway,Leukotriene C4 Synthesis Deficiency,Antrafenine Action Pathway,Fenoprofen Action Pathway,Magnesium Salicylate Action Pathway,Lornoxicam Action Pathway,Trisalicylate-Choline Action Pathway,Tolmetin Action Pathway,Tiaprofenic Acid Action Pathway,Tenoxicam Action Pathway,Salicylic Acid Action Pathway,Alpha Linolenic Acid and Linoleic Acid Metabolism,Arachidonic Acid Metabolism,Acetylsalicylic Acid Action Pathway,Ketorolac Action Pathway	
DB04559	N-(Chlorophenyl)-N'-hydroxyguanidine	experimental			
DB04560	4,7-Dioxosebacic Acid	experimental			
DB04561	4-acetamido-2,4-didexoy-D-glycero-beta-D-galacto-octopyranosylphosphonic acid	experimental			
DB04562	Tricarballylic acid	experimental			
DB04563	CRA_9678	experimental			
DB04564	Gluconolactone	approved,experimental	Gluconolactone is a naturally-occurring food additive used as a sequestrant, an acidifier, or a curing, pickling, or leavening agent. It is a cyclic ester of D-gluconic acid. Pure gluconolactone is a white odorless crystalline powder.	Transaldolase Deficiency,Glucose-6-phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Pentose Phosphate Pathway,Ribose-5-phosphate Isomerase Deficiency	
DB04565	4-(Acetylamino)-3-[(Hydroxyacetyl)Amino]Benzoic Acid	experimental			
DB04566	Inosinic Acid	experimental	Inosine 5'-Monophosphate. A purine nucleotide which has hypoxanthine as the base and one phosphate group esterified to the sugar moiety.		
DB04567	Chromophore (Gly-Tyr-Gly)	experimental			
DB04568	5-Aminoimidazole Ribonucleoside	experimental			
DB04569	Benzyl formate	experimental			
DB04570	Latamoxef	approved,investigational	Latamoxef is a broad- spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic similar in structure to the cephalosporins except for the substitution of an oxaazabicyclo moiety for the thiaazabicyclo moiety of certain cephalosporins. It has been proposed especially for the meningitides because it passes the blood-brain barrier and for anaerobic infections.		
DB04571	Trioxsalen	approved	Trioxsalen (trimethylpsoralen, trioxysalen or trisoralen) is a furanocoumarin and a psoralen derivative obtained from several plants, mainly Psoralea corylifolia. Like other psoralens it causes photosensitization of the skin. It is administered either topically or orally in conjunction with UV-A (the least damaging form of ultraviolet light) for phototherapy treatment of vitiligo and hand eczema. The photoactivated form produces interstrand linkages in DNA resulting in cell apoptosis. In research it can be conjugated to dyes for confocal microscopy and used to visualize sites of DNA damage.[3] The compound is has been explored for development of antisense oligonucleotides that can be cross-linked specifically to a mutant mRNA sequence without affecting normal transcripts differing at even a single base pair.		
DB04572	Thiotepa	approved,investigational	N,N'N'-triethylenethiophosphoramide (ThioTEPA) is a cancer chemotherapeutic member of the alkylating agent group, now in use for over 50 years. It is a stable derivative of N,N',N''- triethylenephosphoramide (TEPA). It is mostly used to treat breast cancer, ovarian cancer and bladder cancer. It is also used as conditioning for Bone marrow transplantation. Its main toxicity is myelosuppression.		
DB04573	Estriol	approved,investigational,vet_approved	A hydroxylated metabolite of estradiol or estrone that has a hydroxyl group at C3-beta, 16-alpha, and 17-beta position. Estriol is a major urinary estrogen. During pregnancy, large amount of estriol is produced by the placenta. Isomers with inversion of the hydroxyl group or groups are called epiestriol. Though estriol is used as part of the primarily North American phenomenon of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy, it is not approved for use by the FDA or Health Canada. It is however available in the United States by prescription filled only by compounding pharmacies. It has also been approved and marketed throughout Europe and Asia for approximately 40 years for the treatment of post-menopausal hot flashes.	Estrone Metabolism	
DB04574	Estrone sulfate	approved	Estrone sulfate (as estropipate) is a form of estrogen. It has several uses such as: alleviate symptoms of menopause as hormone replacement therapy, treatment some types of infertility, treatment of some conditions leading to underdevelopment of female sexual characteristics, treatment of vaginal atrophy, treatment of some types of breast cancer (particularly in men and postmenopausal women), treatment of prostate cancer and prevention of osteoporosis.	Sulfite Oxidase Deficiency,Estrone Metabolism,Sulfate/Sulfite Metabolism,17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB04575	Quinestrol	approved	The 3-cyclopentyl ether of ethinyl estradiol.		
DB04576	Fleroxacin	experimental	Fleroxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial fluoroquinolone. It strongly inhibits the DNA-supercoiling activity of DNA gyrase. Fleroxacin is not an inhibitor of CYP1A2.[A39048]		
DB04577	1-(1-phenylcyclopentyl)methylamine	experimental			
DB04578	(S)-2-[(R)-3-amino-4-(2-fluorophenyl)butyryl]-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB04579	N-{[(2S,3S)-3-(Ethoxycarbonyl)-2-oxiranyl]carbonyl}-L-threonyl-L-isoleucine	experimental			
DB04580	1-Methyl-2-quinolone	experimental			
DB04581	1-benzylimidazole	experimental	1-benzylimidazole, an N-imidazole derivative, has been shown to have strong cardiotonic activity.		
DB04582	Imazaquin	experimental			
DB04583	5-Carbamoyl-1,1':4',1''-terphenyl-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB04584	Phenyldehydroalanine	experimental			
DB04585	DEHYDRO-2(S)-AMINO-6-BORONOHEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04586	o-Bromophenol	experimental			
DB04587	2'-O-butyl-5-methyluridine	experimental			
DB04588	N-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)BENZYL]-5-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOLE-4-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB04590	(2R)-({4-[AMINO(IMINO)METHYL]PHENYL}AMINO){5-ETHOXY-2-FLUORO-3-[(3R)-TETRAHYDROFURAN-3-YLOXY]PHENYL}ACETICACID	experimental			
DB04591	N-{2,2-DIFLUORO-2-[(2R)-PIPERIDIN-2-YL]ETHYL}-2-[2-(1H-1,2,4-TRIAZOL-1-YL)BENZYL][1,3]OXAZOLO[4,5-C]PYRIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB04592	3-Bromo-3-buten-1-ol	experimental			
DB04593	3-({1-[3-CARBAMIMIDOYL-1-(4-CARBAMIMIDOYL-BENZYLCARBAMOYL)-PROPYLCARBAMOYL]-2-METHYL-BUTYLSULFAMOYL}-METHYL)-BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04594	3-hydroxyglutaric acid	experimental			
DB04595	(E)-(4S,6S)-8-METHYL-6-((S)-3-METHYL-2-{(S)-2-[(5-METHYL-ISOXAZOLE-3-CARBONYL)-AMINO]-PROPIONYLAMINO}-BUTYRYLAMINO)-5-OXO-4-((R)-2-OXO-PYRROLIDIN-3-YLMETHYL)-NON-2-ENOIC ACID BENZYL ESTER	experimental			
DB04596	4-O-{4,6-O-[(1S)-1-Carboxyethylidene]-β-D-mannopyranosyl}-D-glucopyranuronic acid	experimental			
DB04597	[4,6-O-(1-CARBOXYETHYLIDENE)-BETA-D-MANNOSE]	experimental			
DB04598	2-AMINO-4-CHLORO-3-HYDROXYBENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04599	Aniracetam	experimental	Compound with anti-depressive properties used as a mental performance enhancer.		
DB04600	4-[(3-BROMO-4-O-SULFAMOYLBENZYL)(4-CYANOPHENYL)AMINO]-4H-[1,2,4]-TRIAZOLE	experimental			
DB04601	4-[(4-O-SULFAMOYLBENZYL)(4-CYANOPHENYL)AMINO]-4H-[1,2,4]-TRIAZOLE	experimental			
DB04602	PUROMYCIN AMINONUCLEOSIDE-5'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04603	5-Formyl-2'-deoxy-cytidine-5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB04604	5-iodotubercidin	experimental			
DB04605	5-Aminoisoquinoline	experimental			
DB04606	2-[2-ETHANESULFONYLAMINO-3-(5-PROPOXY-1H-INDOL-3-YL)-PROPIONYLAMINO]-PENTANEDIOIC ACID 5-AMIDE 1-(4-CARBAMIMIDOYL-BENZYLAMIDE)	experimental			
DB04607	PHENYLAMINOIMIDAZO(1,2-ALPHA)PYRIDINE	experimental			
DB04608	9-HYDROXY-4-PHENYL-6H-PYRROLO[3,4-C]CARBAZOLE-1,3-DIONE	experimental			
DB04609	INHIBITOR Q8467 OF DUPONT MERCK	experimental			
DB04610	7,8-dihydro-6-hydroxymethyl-7-methyl-7-[2-phenylethyl]-pterin	experimental			
DB04612	N-METHYLALANYL-3-METHYLVALYL-4-PHENOXY-N-(1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDRONAPHTHALEN-1-YL)PROLINAMIDE	experimental			
DB04613	(E)-(4S,6S)-6-((S)-2-{(S)-2-[(FURAN-2-CARBONYL)-AMINO]-3-METHYL-BUTYRYLAMINO}-3-METHYL-BUTYRYLAMINO)-8-METHYL-5-OXO-4-((R)-2-OXO-PYRROLIDIN-3-YLMETHYL)-NON-2-ENOIC ACID ETHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB04614	(R)-tacrine(10)-hupyridone	experimental			
DB04615	(S)-tacrine(10)-hupyridone	experimental			
DB04616	TACRINE(8)-4-AMINOQUINOLINE	experimental			
DB04617	(9S)-9-[(8-AMMONIOOCTYL)AMINO]-1,2,3,4,9,10-HEXAHYDROACRIDINIUM	experimental			
DB04618	4,6-DIDEOXY-4-{[4-[(4-O-HEXOPYRANOSYLHEXOPYRANOSYL)OXY]-5,6-DIHYDROXY-3-(HYDROXYMETHYL)CYCLOHEX-2-EN-1-YL]AMINO}HEXOPYRANOSYL-(1->4)HEXOPYRANOSYL-(1->4)HEXOPYRANOSE	experimental			
DB04619	Acetophenone	experimental			
DB04620	Cycloleucine	experimental	Cycloleucine is non-metabolisable amino acid formed by cyclization of leucine. It is also a specific and reversible inhibitor of nucleic acid methylation and widely used in biochemical experiments.		
DB04622	N-acetylhistamine	experimental			
DB04623	2-ETHOXYETHYL (2S,3S)-4-((S)-2-BENZYL-3-OXO-4-((3AR,8R,8AS)-2-OXO-3,3A,8,8A-TETRAHYDRO-2H-INDENO[1,2-D]OXAZOL-8-YL)-2,3-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRROL-2-YL)-3-HYDROXY-1-PHENYLBUTAN-2-YLCARBAMATE	experimental			
DB04624	DERIVATIVE OF AKLANONIC ACID METHYL ESTER (AAME)	experimental			
DB04626	Apramycin	experimental,vet_approved	Apramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic and has a bactericidal action against many gram-negative bacteria. Apramycin is a structurally unique antibiotic that contains a bicyclic sugar moiety and a monosubstituted deoxystreptamine. It is not approved for use in humans.		
DB04627	Cyclouridine	experimental			
DB04628	Allosamidin	experimental	Allosamidin exhibits extremely potent inhibitory activity against chitinases from a number of sources, particularly from <i>Candida albicans</i>, and can be utilized as potent antifungal agent.		
DB04629	Aplyronine A	experimental			
DB04630	Aldosterone	experimental,investigational	A hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex that regulates electrolyte and water balance by increasing the renal retention of sodium and the excretion of potassium.		
DB04631	Atpenin A5	experimental			
DB04632	4-(2-HYDROXYBENZYLAMINO)-N-(3-(4-FLUOROPHENOXY)PHENYL)PIPERIDINE-1-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB04633	N-ethyl-N-[3-(propylamino)propyl]propane-1,3-diamine	experimental			
DB04634	N-BENZYLOXYCARBONYL-L-SERINE-BETALACTONE	experimental			
DB04636	Glutamine t-butyl ester	experimental			
DB04637	6-Bromo-1-hexanol	experimental			
DB04638	2,5-di-tert-butylhydroquinone	experimental			
DB04639	Biphenylalanine	experimental			
DB04640	Naphthalene-2,6-disulfonic acid	experimental			
DB04641	3,7-DIHYDROXYNAPHTHALENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB04642	7-{2,6-DICHLORO-4-[3-(2-CHLORO-BENZOYL)-UREIDO]-PHENOXY}-HEPTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04643	4-{3-CHLORO-4-[3-(2,4-DICHLORO-BENZOYL)-UREIDO]-PHENOXY}-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB04644	4-{4-[3-(2,4-DICHLORO-BENZOYL)-UREIDO]-2,3-DIMETHYL-PHENOXY}-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB04645	5-{3-[3-(2,4-DICHLORO-BENZOYL)-UREIDO]-2-METHYL-PHENOXY}-PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04646	Dibromothymoquinone	experimental	At low concentrations, this compound inhibits reduction of conventional hydrophilic electron acceptors, probably acting as a plastoquinone antagonist. At higher concentrations, it acts as an electron acceptor, intercepting electrons either before or at the site of its inhibitory activity. [PubChem]		
DB04647	BOC-GAMMA-D-GLU-L-LYS(CBZ)-D-BOROALA	experimental			
DB04648	S-propylamine-L-cysteine	experimental			
DB04649	TETRAHEDRAL INTERMEDIATE OF BLASTICIDIN S	experimental			
DB04650	5-[(3AS,4R,6AR)-2-OXOHEXAHYDRO-1H-THIENO[3,4-D]IMIDAZOL-4-YL]PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04651	BIOTINOL-5-AMP	experimental			
DB04652	Corticosterone	experimental	An adrenocortical steroid that has modest but significant activities as a mineralocorticoid and a glucocorticoid. (From Goodman and Gilman&#39;s The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 8th ed, p1437)	Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,11-beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP11B1),Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess Syndrome,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 5 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 17 alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase I Deficiency (CMO I),3-beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Steroidogenesis,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 3 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency,17-alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP17),21-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP21),Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase II Deficiency (CMO II)	
DB04653	N-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-leucyl-N-[(1S)-3-fluoro-1-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-2-oxopropyl]-L-leucinamide	experimental			
DB04654	4-PIPERIDIN-4-YLBUTANAL	experimental			
DB04655	Metoprine	experimental			
DB04656	1,3,4-TRIHYDROXY-5-(3-PHENOXYPROPYL)-CYCLOHEXANE-1-CARBOXYLIC A CID	experimental			
DB04657	Carboxin	approved,experimental	A systemic agricultural fungicide and seed treatment agent.		
DB04658	(1S,2R,3S,4R,5S)-8-AZABICYCLO[3.2.1]OCTANE-1,2,3,4-TETROL	experimental			
DB04659	(1S,2S,3R,4S,5S)-2,3,4-TRIHYDROXY-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)CYCLOHEXYL (1E)-2-PHENYL-N-(SULFOOXY)ETHANIMIDOTHIOATE	experimental			
DB04660	Choline alfoscerate	experimental,investigational	A component of phosphatidylcholines (lecithins), in which the two hydroxy groups of glycerol are esterified with fatty acids. (From Stedman, 26th ed) It counteracts the effects of urea on enzymes and other macromolecules. [PubChem]		
DB04661	cis-tetracosenoyl sulfatide	experimental			
DB04662	OLOMOUCINE II	experimental			
DB04663	2-KETO-6-PHOSPHATE-D-GLUCONIC ACID, ALPHA-FURANOSE FORM	experimental			
DB04664	Cyclohexyl-pentyl-maltoside	experimental			
DB04665	Coumarin	experimental			
DB04666	CHROMOPHORE (LYS-TYR-GLY)	experimental			
DB04667	CHROMOPHORE (HIS-TYR-GLY)	experimental			
DB04668	CHROMOPHORE (GLU-TYR-GLY)	experimental			
DB04669	TRIAZOLOPYRIMIDINE	experimental			
DB04671	[(1S)-4-[[Amino-[(2R)-2-amino-2-carboxyethyl]sulfanylmethylidene]amino]-1-carboxybutyl]azanium	experimental			
DB04672	Cyclic 3',5'-thymidine monophosphate	experimental			
DB04673	4-[(5-CHLOROINDOL-2-YL)SULFONYL]-2-(2-METHYLPROPYL)-1-[[5-(PYRIDIN-4-YL)PYRIMIDIN-2-YL]CARBONYL]PIPERAZINE	experimental			
DB04674	2-HYDROXY-3,5-DIIODOBENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04676	Dansyllysine	experimental			
DB04677	N-METHYL-N-[(1R)-1-METHYL-2-PHENYLETHYL]PROP-2-EN-1-AMINE	experimental			
DB04678	H TYPE II TRISACCHARIDE	experimental			
DB04679	Human blood group H type 1 trisaccharide	experimental			
DB04680	GALACTOSE GREASE	experimental			
DB04681	BETA-METHYLLACTOSIDE	experimental			
DB04682	Octylphenoxy polyethoxyethanol	experimental			
DB04683	(2R)-3-{[{[(2S)-2,3-DIHYDROXYPROPYL]OXY}(HYDROXY)PHOSPHORYL]OXY}-2-[(9E)-HEXADEC-9-ENOYLOXY]PROPYL (9E)-OCTADEC-9-ENOATE	experimental			
DB04684	Bis(6-aminohexyl)amine	experimental			
DB04685	1-{(2S,5S)-4-FLUORO-5-[(TRITYLOXY)METHYL]TETRAHYDROFURAN-2-YL}PYRIMIDINE-2,4(1H,3H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB04686	CHROMOPHORE (ASP-TYR-GLY)	experimental			
DB04687	DIMETHYL THIOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04688	Methylecgonine	experimental			
DB04689	2-{5-[3-(6-BENZOYL-1-PROPYLNAPHTHALEN-2-YLOXY)PROPOXY]INDOL-1-YL}ETHANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04690	Camptothecin	experimental	Camptothecin is an alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, <i>Camptotheca acuminata</i>. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA topoisomerase, type I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor activity.		
DB04691	2'-O-[1-ethyl-1H-imidazol)] thymidine-5'-monophosphate	experimental			
DB04692	Ethyl (2E)-4-({(2S)-2-[(N-{[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)oxy]carbonyl}-L-valyl)amino]-2-phenylacetyl}amino)-5-[(3S)-2-oxo-3-pyrrolidinyl]-2-pentenoate	experimental			
DB04693	Estrane-3,17-dione	experimental	Estrane-3,17-dione is a potent inhibitor of isomerase.		
DB04694	2,6-anhydro-3-deoxy-3-fluoronononic acid	experimental			
DB04695	Farnesyl thiopyrophosphate	experimental			
DB04696	4-CHLORO-3',3''-DIBROMOPHENOL-1,8-NAPHTHALEIN	experimental			
DB04697	TRANS-4-(GUANIDINOMETHYL)-CYCLOHEXANE-L-YL-D-3-CYCLOHEXYLALANYL-L-AZETIDINE-2-YL-D-TYROSINYL-L-HOMOARGININAMIDE	experimental			
DB04698	N-(1,4-dihydro-5H-tetrazol-5-ylidene)-9-oxo-9H-xanthene-2-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB04699	gamma-Butyrolactone	experimental,illicit	One of the furans with a carbonyl thereby forming a cyclic lactone. It is an endogenous compound made from gamma-aminobutyrate and is the precursor of gamma-hydroxybutyrate. It is also used as a pharmacological agent and solvent.		
DB04700	GLUTATHIONE SULFINATE	experimental			
DB04701	S-Methyl glutathione	experimental		gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase Deficiency,gamma-Glutamyltransferase Deficiency,5-Oxoprolinase Deficiency,Glutathione Metabolism,5-Oxoprolinuria,Glutathione Synthetase Deficiency	
DB04702	S-[(2E)-3,7-DIMETHYLOCTA-2,6-DIENYL] TRIHYDROGENTHIODIPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04703	Hesperidin	approved,investigational	Hesperidin is a flavan-on glycoside found in citrus fruits.		
DB04704	20-hydroxycholesterol	experimental		Congenital Lipoid Adrenal Hyperplasia (CLAH) or Lipoid CAH,11-beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP11B1),Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess Syndrome,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 5 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 17 alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase I Deficiency (CMO I),3-beta-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Deficiency,Steroidogenesis,Adrenal Hyperplasia Type 3 or Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Due to 21-Hydroxylase Deficiency,17-alpha-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP17),21-Hydroxylase Deficiency (CYP21),Corticosterone Methyl Oxidase II Deficiency (CMO II)	
DB04705	25-Hydroxycholesterol	experimental			
DB04706	7beta-hydroxycholesterol	experimental			
DB04707	Hydroxyfasudil	experimental			
DB04708	(S)-TETRAHYDROFURAN-3-YL (2S,3S)-4-((S)-4-((1R,3R)-3-(2-AMINO-2-OXOETHYL)-2,3-DIHYDRO-1H-INDEN-1-YL)-2-BENZYL-3-OXO-2,3-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRROL-2-YL)-3-HYDROXY-1-PHENYLBUTAN-2-YLCARBAMATE	experimental			
DB04709	(3AALPHA,4ALPHA,7ALPHA,7AALPHA)- 3A,4,7,7A-TETRAHYDRO-2-(4-NITRO-1-NAPHTHALENYL)-4,7-ETHANO-1H-ISOINDOLE-1,3(2H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB04710	(E)-(S)-4-[(S)-4-METHYL-2-((S)-3-METHYL-2{(S)-2-[(5-METHYL-ISOXAZOLE-3- CARBONYL)-AMINO]-PROPIONYLAMINO}-BUTYRYLAMINO)-PENTANOYLAMINO]-5-((S)-2- OXO-PYRROLIDIN-3-YL)-PENT-2-ENOIC ACID ETHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB04711	Iodipamide	approved	Iodipamide is a water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography.		
DB04712	ANILINOMETHYL GLUCO-PHENYLIMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB04713	4-Iodo-D-phenylalanine	experimental			
DB04714	ISOPENTENYL PYROPHOSPHATE	experimental		Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease	
DB04715	IMIDAZOPYRIDAZIN 1	experimental			
DB04716	2-tert-butyl-9-fluoro-1,6-dihydrobenzo[h]imidazo[4,5-f]isoquinolin-7-one	experimental			
DB04717	2''-O-[N-(3-(aminopropyl)2-aminoethyl]paromomycin	experimental			
DB04718	(1R,2R,3S,4R,6S)-4,6-diamino-2-{[3-O-(2,6-diamino-2,6-dideoxy-beta-L-idopyranosyl)-2-O-{2-[(piperidin-3-ylmethyl)amino]ethyl}-beta-D-ribofuranosyl]oxy}-3-hydroxycyclohexyl 2-amino-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranoside	experimental			
DB04719	DIMETHYL-(4,5,6,7-TETRABROMO-1H-BENZOIMIDAZOL-2-YL)-AMINE	experimental			
DB04720	S-METHYL-4,5,6,7-TETRABROMO-BENZIMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB04721	N1,N2-ETHYLENE-2-METHYLAMINO-4,5,6,7-TETRABROMO-BENZIMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB04722	2-[3-chloro-6-[2,2-difluoro-2-(1-oxidopyridin-1-ium-2-yl)ethyl]imino-1-hydroxypyridin-2-yl]-N-[(1R)-1-(3-chlorophenyl)ethyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB04723	2-(3-GUANIDINOPHENYL)-3-MERCAPTOPROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04724	(S)-2-((S)-3-isobutyl-2,5-dioxo-4-quinolin-3-ylmethyl-[1,4]diazepan-1yl)-N-methyl-3-naphtalen-2-yl-propionamide	experimental			
DB04725	Licofelone	investigational	Developed by the German pharmaceutical company, Merckle GmbH, together with EuroAlliance partners Alfa Wassermann and Lacer, licofelone (ML3000) is a dual COX/LOX inhibitor and the first member of this new class of analgesic and anti-inflammatory drugs. It is currently under evaluation as a treatment for osteoarthritis (OA), the most common form of arthritis. Although phase III trials have been successfully completed in OA patients no dates for regulatory submission have yet been given.		
DB04726	Lumiflavin	experimental			
DB04727	1-{4-[4-Amino-6-(4-methoxyphenyl)furo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl]phenyl}-3-[2-fluoro-5-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]urea	experimental			
DB04728	Lividomycin A	experimental			
DB04729	Gentamicin C1a	experimental			
DB04731	1-ACETYL-2-LYSO-SN-GLYCERO-3-PHOSPHOETHANOLAMINE	experimental			
DB04732	N-(4-MORPHOLINE)CARBONYL-B-(1-NAPHTHYL)-L-ALANINE-L-LEUCINE BORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB04733	1,6-DI-O-PHOSPHONO-D-MANNITOL	experimental			
DB04734	Citraconic acid	experimental	Citraconic acid is one of the isomeric dicarboxylic acids produced by the distillation of citric acid, or as metabolites by microorganisms, cis-CH3-C(CO2H)=CHCO2H; the trans-isomer is mesaconic acid.		
DB04735	MONOGALACTOSYL-DIACYLGLYCEROL	experimental			
DB04736	2-ACETAMIDO-2-DEOXY-BETA-D-GLUCOPYRANOSE(BETA1-4)-2-ACETAMIDO-1,6-ANHYDRO-3-O-[(R)-1-CARBOXYETHYL]-2-DEOXY-BETA-D-GLUCOPYRANOSE-L-ALANYL-GAMMA-D-GLUTAMYL-MESO-DIAMINOPIMELYL-D-ALANINE	experimental			
DB04737	(S)-mandelonitrile	experimental			
DB04738	Motuporin	experimental	Motuporin is a toxin isolated from the marine sponge Thenonella swinhoie grey.		
DB04739	4-[(4-METHYL-1-PIPERAZINYL)METHYL]-N-[3-[[4-(3-PYRIDINYL)-2-PYRIMIDINYL]AMINO]PHENYL]-BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB04740	Moxalactam (hydrolyzed)	experimental			
DB04741	Myxothiazol	experimental			
DB04742	(2R)-2-{(1R)-2-oxo-1-[(2-thienylacetyl)amino]ethyl}-5,6-dihydro-2h-1,3-thiazine-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB04743	Nimesulide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Nimesulide is a relatively COX-2 selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its approved indications are the treatment of acute pain, the symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis and primary dysmenorrhoea in adolescents and adults above 12 years old. Due to concerns about the risk of hepatotoxicity, nimesulide has been withdrawn from market in many countries.		
DB04744	Lawsone	experimental			
DB04745	2-Hydroxyquinoline	experimental			
DB04746	(10E,12Z)-octadecadienoic acid	experimental			
DB04747	11-TRANS-13-TRANS-15-CIS-OCTADECATRIENOIC ACID	experimental			
DB04748	OXIMINOARYLSULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB04749	2-(3-OXO-PROPYLSULFANYLCARBONYL)-ETHANETHIOLATE	experimental			
DB04750	OREGON GREEN 488 CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB04751	Purvalanol A	experimental			
DB04752	Phosphatidyl ethanol	experimental			
DB04753	9-DEAZAINOSINE-2',3'-O-ETHYLIDENEPHOSPHONATE	experimental			
DB04754	GUANOSINE-2',3'-O-ETHYLIDENEPHOSPHONATE	experimental			
DB04755	PROPYL-1-PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04756	2-[(3,5-Dichloro-4-trioxidanylphenyl)amino]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB04757	GUANOSINE-2',3'-O-METHYLIDENEPHOSPHONATE	experimental			
DB04758	2-[2-ETHANESULFONYLAMINO-3-(1H-INDOL-3-YL)-PROPIONYLAMINO]-PENTANEDIOIC ACID 5-AMIDE 1-(4-CARBAMIM IDOYL-BENZYLAMIDE)	experimental			
DB04759	PYRIMIDINE-4,6-DICARBOXYLIC ACID BIS-(3-METHYL-BENZYLAMIDE)	experimental			
DB04760	PYRIMIDINE-4,6-DICARBOXYLIC ACID BIS-(4-FLUORO-3-METHYL-BENZYLAMIDE)	experimental			
DB04761	PYRIMIDINE-4,6-DICARBOXYLIC ACID BIS-[(PYRIDIN-3-YLMETHYL)-AMIDE]	experimental			
DB04762	N-PYRIDOXYL-D-GLUTAMIC ACID-5'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04763	1-N-(4-SULFAMOYLPHENYL-ETHYL)-2,4,6-TRIMETHYLPYRIDINIUM	experimental			
DB04764	[4-(3-AMINOMETHYL-PHENYL)-PIPERIDIN-1-YL]-(5-PHENETHYL- PYRIDIN-3-YL)-METHANONE	experimental			
DB04765	N-PYRIDOXYL-2-METHYL-L-GLUTAMIC ACID-5'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB04767	N-[1-(4-CARBAMIMIDOYL-BENZYLCARBAMOYL)-3-METHYLSULFANYL-PROPYL]-3-HYDROXY-2-PROPOXYAMINO-BUTYRAMID	experimental			
DB04768	Pyrithiamine Pyrophosphate	experimental			
DB04769	5-QUINOXALIN-6-YLMETHYLENE-THIAZOLIDINE-2,4-DIONE	experimental			
DB04770	O6-(R)-ROSCOVITINE, R-2-(6-BENZYLOXY-9-ISOPROPYL-9H-PURIN-2-YLAMINO)-BUTAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB04771	1-GUANIDINO-4-(N-NITRO-BENZOYLAMINO-L-LEUCYL-L-PROLYLAMINO)BUTANE	experimental			
DB04772	1-GUANIDINO-4-(N-PHENYLMETHANESULFONYL-L-LEUCYL-L-PROLYLAMINO)BUTANE	experimental			
DB04773	METHYL (3R)-3-{[(3R)-3-{[(3R)-3-HYDROXYBUTANOYL]OXY}BUTANOYL]OXY}BUTANOATE	experimental			
DB04774	Reidispongiolide A	experimental			
DB04775	Reidispongiolide C	experimental			
DB04776	(2R)-2-({6-[benzyl(methyl)amino]-9-isopropyl-9H-purin-2-yl}amino)butan-1-ol	experimental			
DB04777	(R)-4-Nitrostyrene oxide	experimental			
DB04778	SC45647	experimental			
DB04779	ETHYL (1E)-2-PHENYL-N-(SULFOOXY)ETHANIMIDOTHIOATE	experimental			
DB04780	Sulfatide	experimental	Any of a class of cerebroside sulfuric esters, they are found largely in the medullated nerve fibers and may accumulate in metachromatic leukodystrophy.		
DB04781	5-hydroxyvaleric acid	experimental			
DB04782	(S)-4-Nitrostyrene oxide	experimental			
DB04783	Sphinxolide B	experimental			
DB04784	(R)-1-phenylethanol	experimental			
DB04785	Streptolydigin	experimental	Streptolydigin is an antibiotic isolated from culture filtrates of Streptomyces lydicus. It is active against gram-postive bacteria except micrococci.		
DB04786	Suramin	investigational	A polyanionic compound with an unknown mechanism of action. It is used parenterally in the treatment of African trypanosomiasis and it has been used clinically with diethylcarbamazine to kill the adult Onchocerca. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1643) It has also been shown to have potent antineoplastic properties. Suramin is manufactured by Bayer in Germany as Germanin®.		
DB04787	Tanaproget	investigational	Tanaproget (NSP-989) is an investigational non-steroidal progestin. It is a high affinity, high efficacy agonist of the progesterone receptor (PR) with a much more selective binding profile relative to most conventional progestins. Because of this tanaproget may prove to produce fewer side effects in comparison. It is currently in the process of being developed for clinical use as a contraceptive by Ligand Pharmaceuticals. An analog of tanaproget, 4-fluoropropyltanaproget (18F), has been developed as a radiotracer for imaging of the PR in positron emission tomography.		
DB04788	Tagetitoxin	experimental	Tagetitoxin is a bacterial phytotoxin. It preferentially inhibits eukaryotic RNA polymerase.		
DB04789	5-methyltetrahydrofolic acid	investigational,nutraceutical	5-methyltetrahydrofolic acid is a methylated derivate of tetrahydrofolate. It is generated by methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate and used to recycle homocysteine back to methionine by 5-methyltetrahydrofolate-homocysteine methyltransferases (also called methionine synthases).		
DB04790	2,5-bis-O-{3-[amino(imino)methyl]phenyl}-1,4:3,6-dianhydro-D-glucitol	experimental			
DB04791	2-O-(4'-AMIDINOPHENYL)-5-O-(3''-AMIDINOPHENYL)-1,4:3,6-DIANHYDRO-D-SORBITOL	experimental			
DB04792	2,5-O,O-BIS-{4',4''-AMIDINOPHENYL}-1,4:3,6-DIANHYDRO-D-SORBITOL	experimental			
DB04793	1,4:3,6-Dianhydro-2-O-(3-carbamimidoylphenyl)-5-O-(4-carbamimidoylphenyl)-D-glucitol	experimental			
DB04794	Bifonazole	approved,investigational	Bifonazole is an azole antifungal drug.		
DB04795	Thenoyltrifluoroacetone	experimental	Thenoyltrifluoroacetone is a chelating agent and inhibitor of cellular respiration.		
DB04796	Inecalcitol	investigational			
DB04797	Triazolopyridine	experimental			
DB04798	THIO-ATPA	experimental			
DB04799	6-Hydroxy-5-undecyl-4,7-benzothiazoledione	experimental			
DB04800	1-METHYL-3-PHENYL-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YLSULFAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB04801	cis-Vaccenic acid	experimental			
DB04802	D-Erythro-2,3-diaminobutyric acid	experimental			
DB04803	Verdoheme	experimental			
DB04804	(2S)-2,3-Diaminobutanoic acid	experimental			
DB04805	Virginiamycin S1	experimental	One of the components of virginiamycin, a cyclic polypeptide antibiotic complex from streptomyces virginiae, s. Loidensis, s. Mitakaensis, s. Pristina-spiralis, s. Ostreogriseus, and others. It is used to treat infections with gram-positive organisms and as a growth promoter in cattle, swine, and poultry.		
DB04806	(5-BROMO-4-CHLORO-3-INDOLYL)-A-D-MANNOSE	experimental			
DB04807	4-NITROPHENYL-(6-S-ALPHA-D-XYLOPYRANOSYL)-BETA-D-GLUCOPYRANOSIDE	experimental			
DB04808	Neamine	experimental			
DB04809	SALOPHEN-10-PROPIONATE IRON CHELATE	experimental			
DB04810	Salophen-10-carboxylate iron chelate	experimental			
DB04811	Salophen iron chelate	experimental			
DB04812	Benoxaprofen	approved,withdrawn	The use of benoxaprofen, formerly marketed as Oraflex tablets, was associated with fatal cholestatic jaundice among other serious adverse reactions. The holder of the approved application voluntarily withdrew Oraflex tablets from the market on August 5, 1982.		
DB04813	Bithionol	approved,withdrawn	Bithionol, formerly marketed as an active ingredient in various topical drug products, was shown to be a potent photosensitizer with the potential to cause serious skin disorders. Approvals of the NDA's for bithionol drug products were withdrawn on October 24, 1967 (see the Federal Register of October 31, 1967 (32 FR 15046)).		
DB04814	Bunamiodyl	withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1963 due to nephropathy.		
DB04815	Clioquinol	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn	Clioquinol was withdrawn in 1983 due to neurotoxicity.		
DB04816	Dantron	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1998 due to genotoxicity.		
DB04817	Metamizole	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Metamizole, formerly marketed as Dimethone tablets and injection, Protemp oral liquid, and other drug products, was associated with potentially fatal agranulocytosis. Approvals of the NDA's for dipyrone drug products were withdrawn on June 27, 1977 (see the Federal Register of June 17, 1977 (42 FR 30893)). Withdrawn from the Canadian market in 1963.		
DB04818	Iproniazid	withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian market in July 1964 due to interactions with food products containing tyrosine.		
DB04819	Methapyrilene	withdrawn	Methapyrilene, formerly marketed in many drug products, was shown to be a potent carcinogen. Manufacturers voluntarily withdrew methapyriline drug products from the market in May and June 1979.	Methapyrilene H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB04820	Nialamide	approved,withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1963 due to interactions with food products containing tyrosine.		
DB04821	Nomifensine	approved,withdrawn	Nomifensine, formerly marketed as Merital capsules, was associated with an increased incidence of hemolytic anemia. The approved application holder removed Merital capsules from the market on January 23, 1986. FDA published a notice of its determination that Merital capsules were removed from the market for safety reasons (see the Federal Register of June 17, 1986 (51 FR 21981)). Approval of the NDA for Merital capsules was withdrawn on March 20, 1992 (see the Federal Register of March 20, 1992 (57 FR 9729)). Also withdrawn from the Canadian and UK markets.		
DB04822	Oxeladin	approved,withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1976 due to carcinogenicity.		
DB04823	Oxyphenisatin	investigational,withdrawn	A laxative that undergoes enterohepatic circulation. It may cause jaundice.		
DB04824	Phenolphthalein	approved,withdrawn	Phenolphthalein was withdrawn in Canada due to concerns with carcinogenicity in 1997.		
DB04825	Prenylamine	approved,withdrawn	Prenylamine was withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1988 due to concerns regarding cardiac arrhythmias.		
DB04826	Thenalidine	approved,withdrawn	Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1963 due to concerns involving neutropenia.	Thenalidine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB04827	Urethane	approved,withdrawn	Urethane, formerly marketed as an inactive ingredient in Profenil injection, was determined to be carcinogenic and was removed from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1963.		
DB04828	Zomepirac	withdrawn	Zomepirac, formerly marketed as Zomax tablets, was associated with fatal and near-fatal anaphylactoid reactions. The manufacturer voluntarily removed Zomax tablets from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in March 1983.		
DB04829	Lysergic acid diethylamide	illicit,investigational,withdrawn	Debate continues over the nature and causes of chronic flashbacks. Explanations in terms of LSD physically remaining in the body for months or years after consumption have been discounted by experimental evidence. Some say HPPD is a manifestation of post-traumatic stress disorder, not related to the direct action of LSD on brain chemistry, and varies according to the susceptibility of the individual to the disorder. Many emotionally intense experiences can lead to flashbacks when a person is reminded acutely of the original experience. However, not all published case reports of chronic flashbacks appear to describe an anxious hyper-vigilant state reminiscent of post-traumatic stress disorder.		
DB04830	Buformin	investigational,withdrawn	Buformin is an anti-diabetic drug of the biguanide class, chemically related to metformin and phenformin. It was withdrawn from the market in most countries due to a high risk of causing lactic acidosis.		
DB04831	Tienilic acid	withdrawn	Tienilic acid, or ticrynafen, is a diuretic drug with uric acid-lowering action which was marketed for the treatment of hypertension. It was withdrawn in 1982 after case reports in the United States suggested a link between ticrynafen and hepatitis. (Manier et al., 1982)		
DB04832	Zimelidine	approved,withdrawn	Zimelidine has been banned worldwide due to serious, sometimes fatal, cases of central and/or peripheral neuropathy known as Guillain-Barré syndrome and due to a peculiar hypersensitivity reaction involving many organs including skin exanthema, flu-like symptoms, arthralgias, and sometimes eosinophilia. Additionally, zimelidine was charged to cause an increase in suicidal ideation and/or attempts among depressive patients.		
DB04833	Methaqualone	illicit,withdrawn	Methaqualone is a sedative-hypnotic drug that is similar in effect to barbiturates, a general central nervous system depressant. The sedative-hypnotic activity was first noted by Indian researchers in the 1950s and in 1962 methaqualone itself was patented in the US by Wallace and Tiernan. Its use peaked in the early 1970s as a hypnotic, sedative, and muscle relaxant commonly used for insomnia. It has also been used illegally as a recreational drug, commonly known as Quaaludes, Sopors, Ludes or Mandrax (particularly in the 1970s in North America) depending on the manufacturer. Since at least 2001, it has been widely used in South Africa, where it is commonly referred to as "smarties" or "geluk-tablette" (meaning happy tablets). Clandestinely produced methaqualone is still seized by government agencies and police forces around the world.		
DB04834	Rapacuronium	approved,withdrawn	Rapacuronium was withdrawn in 2001 in many countries due to risk of fatal bronchospasm.		
DB04835	Maraviroc	approved,investigational	Maraviroc (brand-named Selzentry, or Celsentri outside the U.S.) is a chemokine receptor antagonist drug developed by the drug company Pfizer that is designed to act against HIV by interfering with the interaction between HIV and CCR5. It was originally labelled as UK-427857 during development but was assigned the Maraviroc name as it entered trials. It was approved for use by the FDA in August, 2007.		
DB04836	Amineptine	illicit,withdrawn	The Food and Drug Administration suspended the marketing authorisation for Survector in 1999 and France withdrew it from the market, however several developing countries continued to produce it up until 2005.		
DB04837	Clofedanol	approved,withdrawn	Clofedanol is a centrally-acting cough suppressant available in Canada under the trade name Ulone. It is not available in the United States.		
DB04838	Cyclandelate	approved	A direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to dilate blood vessels. It may cause gastrointestinal distress and tachycardia. Cyclandelate is not approved for use in the U.S. or Canada, but is approved in various European countries.		
DB04839	Cyproterone acetate	approved,investigational	An anti-androgen that, in the form of its acetate (cyproterone acetate), also has progestational properties. It is used in the treatment of hypersexuality in males, as a palliative in prostatic carcinoma, and, in combination with estrogen, for the therapy of severe acne and hirsutism in females.		
DB04840	Debrisoquine	approved,investigational	An adrenergic neuron-blocking drug similar in effects to guanethidine. It is also noteworthy in being a substrate for a polymorphic cytochrome P-450 enzyme. Persons with certain isoforms of this enzyme are unable to properly metabolize this and many other clinically important drugs. They are commonly referred to as having a debrisoquin 4-hydroxylase polymorphism.		
DB04841	Flunarizine	approved	Flunarizine is a selective calcium entry blocker with calmodulin binding properties and histamine H1 blocking activity. It is effective in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.	Flunarizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB04842	Fluspirilene	approved,investigational	A long-acting injectable antipsychotic agent used for chronic schizophrenia.		
DB04843	Mepenzolate	approved	Mepenzolate is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It decreases gastric acid and pepsin secretion and suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Mepenzolate diminishes gastric acid and pepsin secretion. Mepenzolate also suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Pharmacologically, it is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It has not been shown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.		
DB04844	Tetrabenazine	approved,investigational	A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.		
DB04845	Ixabepilone	approved,investigational	Ixabepilone is an epothilone B analog developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb as a cancer drug. It was FDA approved on October 16, 2007, for the treatment of unresponsive aggressive metastatic or locally advanced breast cancer. Ixabepilone is administered through injection, and will be marketed under the trade name Ixempra. Ixabepilone is a semisynthetic analogue of epothilone B. It has a lactone–lactam modification that minimizes susceptibility to esterase degradation.		
DB04846	Celiprolol	approved,investigational	Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It is simultaneously a selective β1 receptor antagonist, a β2 receptor partial agonist and a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.		
DB04847	Roxadustat	investigational	FibroGen completed the phase I single-dose, dose escalation studies as of July 2007. Multiple dose, dose escalation and phase II US studies are listed as ongoing.		
DB04848	AZD0947	investigational	AZD0947 is a K+ channel opener, which was under investigation by AstraZeneca for the treatment of overactive bladder. As of March 2003, the drug was in phase II trials; however, as of October 2004, it no longer appeared on the company’s development pipeline.		
DB04849	Cediranib	investigational	The novel indole-ether quinazoline Cediranib is a highly potent (IC<sub>50</sub> &lt; 1 nmol/L) ATP-competitive inhibitor of recombinant KDR tyrosine kinase in vitro. It is being developed clinically as a once-daily oral therapy for the treatment of cancer.		
DB04850	Posizolid	investigational	Posizolid  (AZD2563) is an oxazolidinone antibiotic. In July 2002, after completion of phase I trials in December 2001, AstraZeneca announced that they were no longer pursuing the development of Posizolid, presumably due to negative trial results (though no results were reported).		
DB04851	Biricodar	investigational	The pipecolinate derivative biricodar (VX-710) is a clinically applicable modulator of P-glycoprotein (Pgp) and multidrug resistance protein (MRP-1).		
DB04852	Implitapide	investigational	Implitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP)-inhibitor.		
DB04853	Binodenoson	investigational	Binodenoson is a pharmacologic stress agent specific to the only adenosine receptor necessary for increased cardiac blood flow, the A<sub>2A</sub> receptor. This specificity allows Binodenoson to deliver - in a single injection - a more effective dose of medication with fewer side effects than current treatments, which typically require a 15-20 minute infusion.		
DB04854	Febuxostat	approved	Febuxostat is a xanathine oxidase (XO) inhibitor indicated in patients with gout suffering from hyperuricemia and is used in its chronic management. Febuxostat is not recommended for the treatment of asymptomatic hyperuricemia. Febuxostat is marketed under the trade name Uloric by Takeda Pharmaceuticals America, Inc., and was approved by the FDA in February 2009.		
DB04855	Dronedarone	approved	Dronedarone is a Class III antiarrhythmic drug that works to restore the normal sinus rhythm in patients with paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation. Atrial fibrillation is a common sustained arrhythmia where the treatment primarily focuses on stroke prevention and symptom management. It is managed by rate control, rhythm control, prevention of thromboembolic events, and treatment of the underlying disease.[A34604] Similar to [amiodarone], dronedarone is a multichannel blocker that works to control rhythm and rate in atrial fibrillation.[A186071] It meets criteria of all four Vaughan Williams antiarrhythmic drug classes by blocking sodium, potassium, and calcium ion channels and inhibiting β-adrenergic receptors.[A34604,L8699] Dronedarone is a related benzofuran compound to amiodarone but its chemical structure lacks iodine moieties which are associated with amiodarone-induced thyroid problems.[A34604,T28] Additionally, the methyl sulfonyl group in its structure renders dronedarone to be more lipophilic with a shorter half-life than amiodarone.[A34604] This ultimately leads to reduced tissue accumulation of the drug and decreased risk for organ toxicities, such as thyroid and pulmonary toxicities.[T28] Commonly marketed as Multaq®, dronedarone was approved by the FDA in July 2009 and Health Canada in August 2009. A safety concern for the risk of drug-induced hepatocellular injury has been issued following marketing of dronedarone.[L8800]		
DB04856	Dexloxiglumide	investigational	Dexloxiglumide is a selective cholecystokinin type A (CCKA) receptor antagonist in phase III testing by Rottapharm in Europe only, as U.S. trials have been discontinued. As the D-isomer of loxiglumide, it retains all pharmacological properties of loxiglumide but is more potent.		
DB04857	Brasofensine	investigational	Brasofensine is an orally administered dopamine reuptake inhibitor being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease. Phase I/II trials for brasofensine have been completed in the U.K. In November 2001, NeuroSearch confirmed that the drug's development was discontinued in favor of NS 2230.		
DB04858	Tirapazamine	investigational	Tirapazamine, also known as SR-4233, is an experimental anticancer drug that is activated in hypoxic conditions. This activation is very useful as this hypoxic state is found in human solid tumors in a common phenomenon known as tumor hypoxia. Hence, tirapazamine is solely activated in those hypoxic areas of solid tumors. It is important to take into consideration that normally, the cells in these hypoxic regions are resistant to radiotherapy and most anticancer drugs. For all these reasons, the combination of tirapazamine with other anticancer treatments is highly recommended. Tirapazamine entered phase III testing in 2006 for patients with head and neck cancer and gynecological cancer, as well as for other solid tumor cancer types.		
DB04859	Zanapezil	investigational	Zanapezil (TAK-147) is a selective acetylcholine (ACh) esterase inhibitor under investigation as a drug for Alzheimer's disease (AD) treatment.		
DB04860	Isatoribine	investigational	Isatoribine is a selective agonist of TLR7.		
DB04861	Nebivolol	approved,investigational	Nebivolol is a racemic mixture of 2 enantiomers where one is a beta adrenergic antagonist and the other acts as a cardiac stimulant without beta adrenergic activity.[A182579] Treatment with nebivolol leads to a greater decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure than [atenolol], [propranolol], or [pindolol].[A182579] Nebivolol and other beta blockers are generally not first line therapies as many patients are first treated with thiazide diuretics.[A182594]Nebivolol was granted FDA approval on 17 December 2007.[L7985]	Nebivolol Action Pathway	
DB04862	Merimepodib	investigational	Merimepodib (VX-497) is a novel noncompetitive inhibitor of IMPDH. Merimepodib is orally bioavailable and inhibits the proliferation of primary human, mouse, rat, and dog lymphocytes at concentrations of approximately 100 nM.		
DB04863	Lefradafiban	investigational	Lefradafiban is an oral platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist being investigated in the treatment of angina.		
DB04864	Huperzine A	approved,experimental	Huperzine A, is a naturally occurring sesquiterpene alkaloid found in the extracts of the firmoss <i>Huperzia serrata</i>. The botanical has been used in China for centuries for the treatment of swelling, fever and blood disorders. Recently in clinical trials in China, it has demonstrated neuroprotective effects. It is currently being investigated as a possible treatment for diseases characterized by neurodegeneration – particularly Alzheimer’s disease.		
DB04865	Omacetaxine mepesuccinate	approved,investigational	Omacetaxine mepesuccinate (formerly known as HHT or Homoharringtonine), is a cephalotaxine ester and protein synthesis inhibitor with established clinical activity as a single agent in hematological malignancies. Omacetaxine mepesuccinate  is synthesized from cephalotaxine, which is an extract from the leaves of the plant, Cephalotaxus species. In October 2005, omacetaxine mepesuccinate received Orphan Drug designation from the EMEA for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Then in March 2006, it received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of CML. In November 2006, omacetaxine mepesuccinate, for the treatment of CML, was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Most recently, in October 2012, omacetaxine mepesuccinate was marketed under the brand name Synribo and FDA approved for patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML.		
DB04866	Halofuginone	investigational,vet_approved	Halofuginone is a low molecular weight quinazolinone alkaloid, and a potent inhibitor of collagen alpha1(I) and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression. Halofuginone also effectively suppresses tumor progression and metastasis in mice. Collgard Biopharmaceuticals is developing halofuginone for the treatment of scleroderma and received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in March, 2000.		
DB04867	Lintitript	investigational	Lintitript is a new, highly specific and potent CCK-A receptor antagonist.		
DB04868	Nilotinib	approved,investigational	Nilotinib, also known as AMN107, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation as a possible treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). A Phase I clinical trial in 2006 showed that this drug was relatively safe and offered significant therapeutic benefits in cases of CML which were found to be resistant to treatment with imatinib (Gleevec), another tyrosine kinase inhibitor used as a first-line treatment for CML.	Nilotinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB04869	Olcegepant	investigational	Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals’ olcegepant (BIBN 4096) is a selective Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) antagonist, a new class of drugs in development for the treatment of acute migraine attacks. Olcegepant is undergoing phase II trials in Europe and the US, with preliminary results suggesting that CGRP antagonists may represent a potential new approach to the treatment of migraine.		
DB04870	Oleoyl-estrone	investigational	Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. This hormone occurs naturally and is found circulating in various animal species and humans. It has been shown in animal studies to promote the loss of body fat while maintaining body protein storage, maintaining nitrogen balance.  Body protein loss is an unpleasant effect of fat loss by the restriction of calories, and studies show that this drug appears to avoid this effect.		
DB04871	Lorcaserin	approved	Lorcaserin (previously APD-356), a highly selective 5HT2C receptor agonist, is used for the treatment of obesity. It has been shown to reduce body weight and food intake in animal models of obesity, and it is thought that targeting the 5HT2C receptor may alter body weight by regulating satiety. Lorcaserin is marketed as a salt form called Belviq, which is lorcaserin hydrochloride.		
DB04872	Osanetant	investigational	Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.		
DB04873	Piboserod	investigational	Piboserod (SB 207266) is a selective 5-HT(4) receptor antagonist.		
DB04874	Picoplatin	investigational	Picoplatin is a cytotoxic platinum compound in clinical development for the treatment of patients with solid tumors. It causes apoptosis (cell death) by binding to DNA and interfering with DNA replication and transcription.		
DB04875	Pralnacasan	investigational	Pralnacasan is an orally bioavailable pro-drug of a potent, non-peptide inhibitor of interleukin-1beta converting enzyme (ICE).		
DB04876	Vildagliptin	approved,investigational	Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vidagliptin subsequently acts by inhibiting the inactivation of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) by DPP-4. This inhibitory activity ultimately results in a two-fold  action where GLP-1 and GIP are present to potentiate the secretion of insulin by beta cells and suppress glucagon secretion by alpha cells in the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.		
DB04877	Voacamine	experimental	Voacamine is an alkaloid isolated from the bark of the _Pescheria fuchsiae folia_ tree. It is an antimalarial drug approved for use in several African countries. Voacamine is also under investigation for use in modulating multidrug-resistance in tumor cells.		
DB04878	Voglibose	investigational	Voglibose is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels in people with diabetes mellitus. It is made in India by Ranbaxy Labs and sold under the trade name Volix.		
DB04879	Vatalanib	investigational	Vatalanib (PTK787/ZK-222584) is a new oral antiangiogenic molecule that inhibits all known vascular endothelial growth factor receptors. Vatalanib is under investigation for the treatment of solid tumors.	Vatalanib Action Pathway	
DB04880	Enoximone	approved,investigational	Enoximone is a selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor with vasodilating and positive inotropic activity that does not cause changes in myocardial oxygen consumption. It is used in patients with congestive heart failure. Trials were halted in the U.S., but the drug is used in various countries.		
DB04881	Elacridar	investigational	Elacridar (GW120918) is an oral bioenhancer that targets multiple drug resistance in tumors. In many cases, the appearance of multidrug resistance in cancer is due to a change in expression of protein inhibitors. As of August 2007 elacridar was not listed on GSK's product pipeline. Development is assumed to have been discontinued.		
DB04882	Edotecarin	investigational	Edotecarin is a novel, non-camptothecin, DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor. It is member of the class of compounds called indolocarbazoles.		
DB04883	Darusentan	investigational	Darusentan is a selective endothelin ETA receptor antagonist. It is being evaluated as a treatment for congestive heart failure and hypertension.		
DB04884	Dapoxetine	investigational	Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.		
DB04885	Cilansetron	investigational	Cilansetron is a 5HT-3 antagonist made by Solvay Pharmaceuticals that is currently under trial phase in the EU and US.		
DB04886	Calanolide A	investigational	Calanolide A is a new non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) derived from a plant found in the Malaysian rain forest. A related compound, calanolide B, also has anti-HIV activity. Both drugs are being developed by Sarawak Pharmaceuticals. A preliminary dosing study among HIV-infected individuals showed a significant antiviral effect compared with placebo.		
DB04887	Brecanavir	investigational	Brecanavir (VX-385) an orally active aspartic protease inhibitor (PI), under investigation by Vertex and GlaxoSmithKline for the treatment of HIV. In July 2006, Vertex indicated that it expected GSK to initiate phase III trials of the drug in 2007. In December of 2006 GSK announced a decision to discontinue the development of brecanavir for the treatment of HIV. The decision was based on issues regarding the formulation of the drug.		
DB04888	Bifeprunox	investigational	Bifeprunox is a novel atypical antipsychotic agent which, along with SLV313, [aripiprazole] and SSR-181507 combines minimal D2 receptor agonism with 5-HT receptor agonism.		
DB04889	Bicifadine	investigational	Bicifadine (DOV-220075) is a nonopioid analgesic. It is an inhibitor of both the norepinephrine and serotonin transporters and an NMDA antagonist with a non-narcotic profile. Bicifadine was shown to have potent analgesic activity in vivo and was chosen for further development for the treatment of pain.		
DB04890	Bepotastine	approved	Bepotastine is a non-sedating, selective antagonist of the histamine 1 (H1) receptor. Bepotastine was approved in Japan for use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and uriticaria/puritus in July 2000 and January 2002, respectively, and is marketed by Tanabe Seiyaku Co., Ltd. under the brand name Talion. It is available in oral and opthalmic dosage forms in Japan. The opthalmic solution is FDA approved since Sept 8, 2009 and is under the brand name Bepreve.	Bepotastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB04891	Becocalcidiol	investigational	Becocalcidiol is a vitamin D(3) analogue which has not caused hypercalcaemia or significant irritation in preclinical trials.		
DB04892	Phenserine	investigational	Phenserine is under development by Axonyx, a US biopharmaceutical company that focuses on treatments for dementia. Phenserine is a next generation acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of AD. Unlike currently marketed AChE inhibitors, it has a dual mechanism of action that also includes anti-amyloid activity, which may confer disease-modifying effects in patients with AD. If this is substantiated in an ongoing clinical trial then phenserine may open the door to an entirely new type of treatment for AD. Axonyx announced on 20 September 2005 that phenserine was ineffective in two curtailed phase 3 trials.		
DB04893	AZD3409	investigational	AZD3409 is a farnesyl-transferase inhibitor (FAR) indicated for the treatment of solid tumors. Phase I trials were initiated January 2003, and were ongoing as of February 2004. As of February 2007 the development of AZD3409 had been discontinued.		
DB04894	Vapreotide	experimental,investigational	Vapreotide is a synthetic octapeptide somatostatin analog. It was being studied for the treatment of cancer.		
DB04895	Pegaptanib	approved,investigational	Pegaptanib is a polynucleotide aptamer. Pegatinib aids neovascular age-related macular degeneration by binding to VEGF which in order reduces angiogenesis and vessel permeability.Pegaptanib was granted FDA approval on 17 September 2004.[L17903]		
DB04896	Milnacipran	approved,investigational	Milnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) and like many agents in this category was originally developed for and continues to be approved and indicated for the treatment of depression [F3928, F3934, A175786, A175951]. Furthermore, in 2009 the US FDA approved milnacipran for the additional indication of treating fibromyalgia [F3925], although other regional regulatory authorities like the EMA, among others, have not yet approved the agent for such treatment, citing lack of robust evidence of efficacy, insufficient demonstration of maintenance of effect, and other concerns [F3928, F3934]. Nevertheless, milnacipran demonstrates a somewhat unique characteristic among SNRIs to elicit a relatively balanced reuptake inhibition of both serotonin and noradrenaline, with a somewhat increased preference for noradrenaline reuptake inhibition - which is potentially a point of interest given the plausible proposal that noradrenaline plays an important role in the mitigation of pain signals in the descending inhibitory pain pathways in the brain and spinal cord [A175759, A175843, A175846].Moreover, recent research has shown that the levorotatory enantiomer of milnacipran, levomilnacipran, may have the capacity to inhibit the activity of beta-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme-1 (BACE-1), which has investigationally been associated with β-amyloid plaque formation - making the agent a possible course of treatment for Alzheimer's disease [A175957].		
DB04897	Lucinactant	approved,investigational	Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.		
DB04898	Ximelagatran	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Ximelagatran is an anticoagulant intended to become a replacement for warfarin by overcoming the dietary restrictions, drug interaction, and monitoring issues associated with the former. In 2006, its manufacturer AstraZeneca announced that it would not attempt to market ximelagatran after reports of hepatotoxicity (liver damage) during trials, and to discontinue its distribution in countries where the drug had been approved.	Ximelagatran Action Pathway	
DB04899	Nesiritide	approved,investigational	Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is a 32 amino acid recombinant human B-type natriuretic peptide.		
DB04900	Thymalfasin	investigational	Thymalfasin is a chemically synthesized version of thymosin alpha 1 that is identical to human thymosin alpha 1. Thymosin alpha 1 is an acetylated polypeptide. Thymosin alpha 1 is now approved in 35 developing countries for the treatment of Hepatitis B and C. It is also used to boost the immune response in the treatment of other diseases.		
DB04901	Galiximab	investigational	Galiximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug.		
DB04903	Pagoclone	investigational	Pagoclone is an anxiolytic drug from the cyclopyrrolone family, which is related to other more well known drugs such as the sleeping medication zopiclone. It is one of a relatively recently developed class of medicines known as the nonbenzodiazepines, which have similar effects to the older benzodiazepine group, but with quite different chemical structures.		
DB04904	Amolimogene	investigational	Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.		
DB04905	Tesmilifene	investigational	Tesmilifene is a novel potentiator of chemotherapy which, when added to doxorubicin, achieved an unexpected and very large survival advantage over doxorubicin alone in a randomized trial in advanced breast cancer.		
DB04907	Sitimagene ceradenovec	investigational	Sitimagene ceradenovec is a novel gene-based product for the treatment of patients with operable high grade glioma, a type of malignant brain tumour, given in addition to standard surgery and radiotherapy/chemotherapy. It is being developed by Ark Therapeutics.		
DB04908	Flibanserin	approved,investigational	Flibanserin is the first drug to be approved for hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in premenopausal women by the FDA in August 2015. It was originally developed as an antidepressant medication by Boehringer Ingelheim, but showed lack of efficacy in trials and was further developed as a hypoactive sexual disorder drug by Sprout Pharmaceuticals. Flibanserin's mechanism of action is attributed to its high affinity for 5-HTA1 and 5-HTA2 receptors, displaying agonist activity on 5-HTA1 and antagonist on 5-HTA2, resulting in lowering of serotonin in the brain as well as an effect on increasing norepinephrine and dopamine neurotransmitters.		
DB04909	Sitamaquine	investigational	Sitamaquine (WR-6026) is an orally active 8-aminoquinoline analog in development by the Walter Reed Army Institute, in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (formerly SmithKline Beecham), for the potential treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.		
DB04910	Oxibendazole	investigational,vet_approved	Oxibendazole is a polymerase inhibitor in phase III trials for the treatment of helminth intestinal infections.		
DB04911	Oritavancin	approved,investigational	Oritavancin is a glycopeptide antibiotic used for the treatment of skin infections. It was developed by The Medicines Company (acquired by Novartis).[L12858] Oritavancin was initially approved by the FDA in 2014 and formulated to combat resistant Staphylococcus, Streptococcus, and other gram-positive bacteria that cause skin infections. It boasts the option of single-dose administration that has been proven as non-inferior to a full course of [vancomycin] therapy.[A39384,A193482,L8492]		
DB04912	Stannsoporfin	investigational	Stannsoporfin is a competitive heme oxygenase (HO) inhibitor being developed by InfaCare, a subsidiary of WellSpring Pharmaceuticals, for the prevention of hyperbilirubinemia in infants at risk of developing jaundice.		
DB04914	G17DT	investigational	G17DT is a vaccine that neutralises gastrin-17, a hormone required for the growth of a number of cancers of the gastrointestinal tract. It is in phase III trials for advanced pancreatic cancer as a monotherapy and in combination with gemcitabine. It is also in a phase II/III trial for advanced stomach cancer in combination with 5-fluorouracil and cisplatin and in a late phase II trial for advanced colorectal cancer in combination with irinotecan.		
DB04915	Idronoxil	investigational	Idronoxil is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called signal transduction inhibitors.		
DB04917	Renzapride	investigational	Renzapride is currently in Phase III clinical development in the United States for the treatment of constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-C). It has been suggested that renzapride is effective in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with alternating stool pattern. It is being developed by Alizyme of the UK.		
DB04918	Ceftobiprole	approved,investigational	Ceftobiprole is a cephalosporin antibiotic with activity against methicillin-resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i>. It was discovered by Basilea Pharmaceutica and is being developed by Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development. Ceftobiprole is the first cephalosporin to demonstrate clinical efficacy in patients with infections due to methicillin-resistant staphylococci and, if approved by regulatory authorities, is expected to be a useful addition to the armamentarium of agents for the treatment of complicated skin infections and pneumonia.		
DB04919	Alfimeprase	investigational	Alfimeprase is a recombinant analog of fibrolase. Fibrolase is a zinc-containing metalloproteinase isolated from the venom of the southern copperhead snake (<i>Agkistrodon contortrix contortrix</i>). It is a small protein that contains 203 residues (Randolph et al. 1992). Alfimeprase is being developed by Nuvelo.		
DB04920	Clevidipine	approved,investigational	Clevidipine is a dihydropyridine L-type calcium channel blocker that is selective for vascular smooth muscle and is indicated for blood pressure reduction when oral therapy is not an option.		
DB04921	Dirucotide	investigational	Dirucotide is a synthetically prepared peptide. In particular, the sequence prepared is a 17 amino acid chain that is identical to a section of myelin basic protein (MBP) that is found in humans. Dirucotide has been developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Developed at the University of Alberta, dirucotide is being investigated by BioMS Medical Corp.		
DB04923	rhThrombin	approved,investigational	rhThrombin (recombinant human thrombin) is being developed by ZymoGenetics, Inc. as a general aid to achieving hemostasis during surgery. ZymoGenetics is developing rhThrombin, a recombinant form of human thrombin that is not derived from animal or human blood, as an aid to controlling bleeding during surgery. Thrombin is used in more than 1 million surgeries each year in the United States. Currently, only thrombin derived from bovine blood is available in the U.S. as a stand-alone thrombin product. Bovine-derived thrombin has been associated with the development of antibodies that may cross-react with human blood proteins and in some cases these antibodies appear to be related to serious bleeding complications. The production of recombinant proteins is not dependent on the availability of blood from animals or human donors and can be scaled-up to meet market demand.		
DB04924	Itopride	investigational	Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.		
DB04925	Desmoteplase	investigational	Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).		
DB04926	Neramexane	investigational	Neramexane is a low-to-moderate affinity uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist.		
DB04928	XP12B	investigational	XP12B is being developed by Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of menorrhagia (heavy menstrual bleeding). It was granted Fast Track status for this indication by the FDA in November 2004.		
DB04929	DG031	investigational	DG031, deCODE genetics's lead compound, is being developed for the prevention of myocardial infarction, or heart attack.		
DB04930	Permethrin	approved,investigational	A pyrethroid insecticide commonly used in the treatment of lice infestations and scabies. It is a yellow to light orange-brown, low melt-ing solid or viscous liquid.		
DB04931	Afamelanotide	approved,investigational	Afamelanotide is a first-in-class, synthetic, 13-amino acid peptide analogue of the endogenous alpha melanocyte-stimulating hormone (α-MSH).[L9086] It differs structurally from its endogenous counterpart by only two amino acids - these structural differences improve biological efficacy by imparting a greater affinity for its target and a longer biological half-life.[A187202,A187205] Afamelanotide is currently the only approved drug therapy used in the management of erythropoietic protoporphyria, having received approval in the EU in December 2014[L9119] and subsequent FDA approval in October 2019.[L9092] Despite its relatively recent approval, afamelanotide has been available for use as an orphan drug in both the US and EU since 2008.[L9122,L9125]		
DB04932	Defibrotide	approved,investigational	Defibrotide is the sodium salt of a mixture of single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotides derived from porcine mucosal DNA. It has been shown to have antithrombotic, anti-inflammatory and anti-ischemic properties (but without associated significant systemic anticoagulant effects). It is marketed under the brand names Dasovas (FM), Noravid, and Prociclide in a variety of countries. In the USA it is was approved in March, 2016 as Defitelio.		
DB04933	Eritoran	investigational	Eritoran is a structural analogue of the lipid A portion of lipopolysaccharide (LPS). It is being developed by Eisai Research Institute of Boston for the treatment of severe sepsis.		
DB04934	Rifalazil	investigational	Rifalazil is a derivative of the antibiotic rifamycin. It is being investigated by ActivBiotics for the treatment of various bacterial infections.		
DB04936	Tagatose	investigational	Tagatose is a functional sweetener. It is a naturally occurring monosaccharide, specifically a hexose. It is commonly found in dairy with a similar texture and sweetened capacity to sucrose but with only a third of the calories. It is approved as a food additive as a low calorie sweetener. Additionally, it is under investigation by Spherix for the treatment of obesity and type II diabetes.		
DB04938	Ospemifene	approved,investigational	Ospemifene is a new selective non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is used for the treatment of moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause. FDA approved on February 26, 2013.		
DB04941	Crofelemer	approved	Crofelemer, previously known as the investigational drug SP-303, is a novel proanthocyanidin purified from the bark latex of the Amazonian Croton tree <i>Croton lechleri</i>. It is marketed under the brand name Fulyzaq and indicated for the symptomatic treatment of non-infectious diarrhea in adult patients with HIV/AIDS who are taking antiretroviral therapy.		
DB04942	Tamibarotene	investigational	Tamibarotene is a novel synthetic retinoid for acute promyelocytic leukaemia (APL). Tamibarotene is currently approved in Japan for treatment of recurrent APL, and is undergoing clinical trials in the United States.		
DB04943	LX201	investigational	LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.		
DB04944	Acadesine	investigational	Acadesine (AICA-riboside) is a purine nucleoside analog with anti-ischemic properties that is currently being studied (Phase 3) for the prevention of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. It is being developed jointly by PeriCor and Schering-Plough. Acadesine has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for B-CLL in the EU.		
DB04945	Hemoglobin	approved,experimental,investigational	The respiratory protein of the red blood cells. It consists primarily of globin and heme.		
DB04946	Iloperidone	approved	Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. researched the drug until May 1996. In June 1997 they gave the research rights to Titan Pharmaceuticals, who gave the worldwide development, manufacturing, and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals gave the Phase III development rights to Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009.		
DB04947	Altropane	investigational	Boston Life Sciences (BLS) is developing Altropane as a potential radio-imaging agent to be used with single photon emission tomography (SPECT), for the early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease (PD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).		
DB04948	Lofexidine	approved,investigational	Lofexidine is a non-opioid centrally acting alpha2-adrenergic receptor agonist that was first approved for the treatment of opioid withdrawal in the United Kingdom in 1992.[A33084] It was first studied for use as an antihypertensive in 1980, but its researched was stopped as it was found less effective for the treatment of  hypertension than clonidine.[T210] Lofexidine was then repurposed for the treatment of opioid withdrawal, as it was seen to be more economical and have fewer side effects than clonidine.[T209] Lofexidine was developed by US Woldmeds LLC and it was approved by the FDA on May 16, 2018.[L2794]		
DB04949	Pexelizumab	investigational	Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.		
DB04950	Ranpirnase	investigational	Ranpirnase is a ribonuclease enzyme found in <i>Rana pipiens</i> oocytes. It is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It is manufactured by Alfacell Corporation. It is the first ribonuclease to enter cancer clinical trials.		
DB04951	Pirfenidone	approved,investigational	Pirfenidone is an orally active small molecule drug that may inhibit collagen synthesis, down regulate production of multiple cytokines and block fibroblast proliferation and stimulation in response to cytokines. Pirfenidone has demonstrated activity in multiple fibrotic conditions, including those of the lung, kidney and liver. It is being investigated by InterMune.		
DB04952	Ramoplanin	investigational	Ramoplanin is a novel glycolipodepsipeptide antibiotic under development for the treatment of CDAD.		
DB04953	Ezogabine	approved,investigational	Ezogabine (D23129) is a close structural analog of the centrally acting analgesic flupitrine. It is a neuronal potassium channel opener being developed as a first-in-class antiepileptic drug (AED) and is currently being studied in Phase 3 trials as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adult patients with refractory epilepsy. FDA approved in June 10, 2011 under the name of ezogabine.		
DB04954	Tecadenoson	investigational	Tecadenoson is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc.		
DB04955	Pumactant	investigational	Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).		
DB04956	Afelimomab	investigational	Afelimomab (also known as Fab 2 or MAK 195F) is an anti-TNF-α monoclonal antibody. Administration of 195F reduces the concentration of interleukin-6 in patients with sepsis.		
DB04957	Azimilide	investigational	Azimilide is an investigational class III anti-arrhythmic drug that blocks fast and slow components of the delayed rectifier cardiac potassium channels. It is not approved for use in any country, but is currently in clinical trials in the United States.		
DB04958	Epratuzumab	investigational	Epratuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody derived from the murine IG2a monoclonal antibody, LL2 (EPB-2).  This agent may subsequently be well matched for use in oncology and the treatment of inflammatory autoimmune disorders, such as lupus.		
DB04959	Verpasep caltespen	investigational	HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from _Mycobacterium bovis_, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.		
DB04960	Tipifarnib	investigational	Tipifarnib (R-115777) is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and other types of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called farnesyltransferase inhibitors. It is also called Zarnestra. In June 2005, the FDA issued a Not Approvable Letter for Zarnestra.		
DB04961	Troxacitabine	investigational	Troxacitabine is a nucleoside analog with antineoplastic activity. There has been growing interest in its development for the treatment of patients with refractory lymphoproliferative conditions.		
DB04962	Bectumomab	investigational	Bectumomab (marketed under the trade name LymphoScan®) is a mouse monoclonal antibody and which it's used to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. It has a radioisotope, technetium (99m TC) which it's added.		
DB04963	rhGAD65	investigational	rhGAD65 (recombinant human glutamic acid decarboxylase) is a vaccine being developed to treat insulin dependent type 1 diabetes.		
DB04964	Oregovomab	investigational	Oregovomab is a murine monoclonal antibody that attaches to the tumor-associated antigen CA125.		
DB04967	Lucanthone	investigational	One of the schistosomicides, it has been replaced largely by hycanthone and more recently praziquantel. (From Martindale The Extrapharmacopoeia, 30th ed., p46). It is currently being tested as a radiation sensitizer.		
DB04968	PH94B	investigational	PH94B is being developed by Pherin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the treatment of social phobias (generalized anxiety disorder). It is a member of a new family of pharmaceutical compounds called vomeropherins.		
DB04969	NV1020	investigational	NV1020, a genetically engineered herpes simplex virus, is a novel anticancer therapeutic.		
DB04970	Lesopitron	investigational	Lesopitron is an anxiolytic with pre- and post-synaptic 5-HT1A agonist activity, which is under development by Esteve.		
DB04971	Reglitazar	investigational	Reglitazar, an isoxazolidine-3,5-dione derivative, is being developed by Pfizer for the treatment of diabetes. It is the first non-thiazolidenedione to enter clinical trials.		
DB04972	Canfosfamide	investigational	Canfosfamide is an active agent in chemotherapy-resistant ovarian cancer.		
DB04973	LErafAON	investigational	NeoPharm is developing liposome-encapsulated, c-Raf antisense oligodeoxynucleotides (LErafAON) for the potential treatment of various solid tumors, including those that have become resistant to radiation or chemotherapy. Phase I/II trials commenced in March 2001 and were ongoing as of June 2003.		
DB04974	Rimiducid	investigational	Rimiducid is a lipid-permeable tacrolimus analogue and a protein dimerizer. It was designed to overcome limitations of current cellular immunotherapies used for cancer and other blood disorders by enhancing the control of the immune cell activity and function. When administered via chemically-inducible dimerization (CID) technologies, rimiducid binds to switch proteins and dimerizes them, triggering downstream signaling cascade.[A187496,L9521] The combination use of rimiducid with immunotherapies for enhanced therapeutic effectiveness is currently under investigation.		
DB04975	Banoxantrone	investigational	Banoxantrone is a highly selective bioreductive drug that is activated in, and is preferentially toxic to, hypoxic cells in tumours. It has been shown to work synergistically with fractionated radiation to significantly delay growth of tumours compared to administration of either banoxantrone or radiation alone. Banoxantrone was also efficacious in tumour models when administered in combination with either cisplatin or chemoradiation. [A3115]		
DB04976	M40403	investigational	M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.		
DB04977	Plitidepsin	investigational	Aplidine is a peptide found in tunicates which shows promise in shrinking tumors in pancreatic, stomach, bladder, and prostate cancers. The specific marine organism is _Aplidium albicans_. Aplidine is also of interest as a potential treatment for some leukemias.		
DB04978	SP1049C	investigational	SP1049C is a novel anthracycline chemotherapeutic agent designed to overcome drug resistance in a number of cancers. It has successfully completed Phase 1 trials. Phase 2 results are currently under final review. Preliminary data, in its first clinically tested indication, shows that SP1049C is active in Stage IV non-resectable adenocarcinoma of the oesophagus. Median survival is encouraging and correlates strongly with dose levels.		
DB04979	AVR118	investigational	AVR118 represents a new type of biopolymer chemistry that also possesses novel immunomodulator activity. This non-toxic peptide-nucleic acid, which to date has shown no indication of human toxicity, appears to stimulate the proinflammatory responses required to combat viral infections such as AIDS and human papilloma virus and to dampen aberrant autoimmune-type inflammatory responses. AVR118 is being studied for the promise shown in its ability to mitigate the toxic side effects of other drugs (including those used to treat HIV infection and chemotherapeutic drugs employed in the treatment of cancers); for its ability to stimulate the immune system to attack tumor cells (especially those cancer cells that have been damaged by chemotherapeutic agents) and for its ability to treat cachexia (wasting) in patients with AIDS or cancer.		
DB04980	Lemuteporfin	investigational	Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.		
DB04981	CG7870	investigational	CG7870 is an oncolytic virus therapy for prostate cancer. It is a replication-selective, prostate-specific antigen-targeted oncolytic adenovirus, for the treatment of hormone-refractory, metastatic prostate cancer.		
DB04982	Talampanel	investigational	Talampanel is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of brain tumors and other brain disorders, such as epilepsy and Parkinson disease. It is a type of AMPA receptor antagonist.		
DB04983	Denufosol	investigational	Denufosol was an inhaled drug used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF), showing various improvements in lung function during a phase III clinical trial.  A new drug application (NDA) was filed with the FDA in 2011, however, the second phase III clinical trial showed a lack of improvement in lung function for cystic fibrosis patients taking denufosol.  The drug was also evaluated in the treatment of retinal detachment and other diseases of the retina.  Denufosol has not gained FDA approval, and clinical trials with this drug have ceased since 2011.		
DB04985	Tigapotide	investigational	Tigapotide is a synthetic 15-mer peptide that is derived from the natural sequence of amino acids of the prostate secretory protein (PSP94), one of three predominant proteins found in human seminal fluid.		
DB04986	ZYC300	investigational	ZYC300 is a plasmid DNA of CYP1B1 encapsulated in biodegradable poly-DL-lactide-coglycolide microparticles. It is designed as a vaccine, intended to increase immune system sensitivity to CYP1B1, an enzyme highly prevalent in tumor cells.		
DB04987	P113D	investigational	P113D is a novel 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide drug derived from histatins, which are compounds found naturally in human saliva. It is being pursued as a potential treatment for cystic fibrosis by Demegen, Inc.		
DB04988	IGN311	investigational	IGN311 is a humanized monoclonal antibody (mab) against the Lewis Y carbohydrate antigen, a blood-group-related oligosaccharide.		
DB04989	Ty800	investigational	Ty800 is a vaccine designed to offer rapid, oral, single-dose protection against <i>Salmonella typhi</i>, the cause of typhoid fever. The Ty800 vaccine was developed using genetic techniques to delete specific genes known to be essential to the virulence of <i>S. typhi</i>. It is being developed by AVANT Immunotherapeutics, Inc.		
DB04991	XL784	investigational	XL784 is a potent inhibitor of the ADAM-10 metalloprotease enzyme, a target of significant interest because of its important role in blood vessel formation and cell proliferation. XL784 was specifically optimized to be MMP-1 sparing, thus potentially enhancing its safety profile and enabling higher dosing compared with other previously studied metalloprotease inhibitors. Results of single dose Phase I clinical trials of XL784 administered orally to 96 healthy volunteers have demonstrated that XL784 has attractive safety and pharmacokinetic profiles. It is being developed by Exelixis, Inc.		
DB04992	AP5346	investigational	AP5346 is designed to target a diaminocyclohexane platinum (Pt) moiety to tumors through pH-sensitive linkage to a 25 kDa hydroxypropylmethacrylamide polymer. It is being pursued by Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc.		
DB04995	AT1022	investigational	AT1022 is a hydromorphone skin patch designed to provide rapid and sustained delivery of a potent opiate for the management of severe pain.AT1022 incorporates PassPort(TM) system, developed to deliver protein and peptide drugs, small-molecule drugs, genes and vaccines across the skin for local and systemic effect.		
DB04996	Satraplatin	investigational	Satraplatin is a platinum compound that is currently under investigation as one treatment of patients with advanced prostate cancer who have failed previous chemotherapy. As an investigation drug, it has not yet received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval and is not available in retail pharmacies.		
DB04997	ATL1102	investigational	ATL1102 is a second-generation antisense inhibitor of CD49d, an immunesystem protein known as VLA-4, an immune cell molecule. It works by entering cells and targeting genes.		
DB04998	AGRO100	investigational	AGRO100 is an oligonucleotide that functions as an aptamer and binds to nucleolin, a protein found intranuclear in all cells, but uniquely expressed on the surface of tumor cells. Such binding leads to internalization of the complex, and a strong anti-proliferative response in the tumor cell.Pre-clinical testing demonstrates that the AGRO100 inhibition of nucleolin function produces anti-cancer effects against multiple types of the disease, including lung, prostate, breast, cervical, and colon cancer, as well as malignant melanoma and leukemia.		
DB04999	MBO7133	investigational	MB07133 is a HepDirect prodrug of an activated form of cytarabine (araC), an anti-cancer drug that is used to treat leukemia but is ineffective against primary liver cancer. AraC's anti-cancer activity is associated with its ability to be converted to its biologically active form, araCTP. However, araC is only slowly converted to araCTP in the liver or in primary liver tumors due to low levels of an enzyme in the liver that is required for the conversion of araC to araCMP, the first step in the activation pathway of the drug. Higher doses of araC cannot be used to overcome this limitation due to bone marrow toxicity resulting from rapid activation in that tissue. MB07133 uses our HepDirect technology to target a prodrug form of araCMP specifically to the liver. Once in the liver cell, the prodrug is rapidly cleaved, producing araCMP, bypassing the rate-limiting enzyme. Once generated in the target tissue, araCMP is rapidly converted to araCTP, the cancer-killing active form.		
DB05000	AeroLEF	investigational	AeroLEF™ (aerosolized liposome-encapsulated fentanyl) is a novel, proprietary inhalation formulation of free and liposome-encapsulated fentanyl intended to provide rapid, extended and personalized analgesia for patients experiencing acute pain episodes. AeroLEF™ is in development for the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including cancer pain.		
DB05001	PSN9301	investigational	PSN9301 is an oral small molecule inhibitor of Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DP-IV), being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. PSN9301 has a very rapid onset and a relatively short duration of action, and available pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that it may be an ideal product candidate for meal-related dosing.		
DB05003	Imexon	investigational	Imexon is currently being studied for the treatment of pancreatic, lung, breast, prostate, melanoma, and multiple myeloma cancers. It belongs to the family of drugs called cyanoaziridine derivatives. Also called Amplimexon. Imexon is a cyanoaziridine derivative.Imexon is a thiol-binding small molecule which induces mitochondrial oxidation, a loss of membrane potential and cytochrome C, leading to apoptosis.		
DB05004	Peptide YY (3-36)	investigational	Peptide YY (3-36), a synthetic human PYY 3-36, is a compound being evaluated for the treatment of obesity. It reduces appetite and increases satiety in obese patients.		
DB05006	Adecatumumab	investigational	Adecatumumab is a recombinant human monoclonal antibody of the IgG1 subclass with a binding specificity to epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM). EpCAM (CD326) is a cell surface protein that is frequently expressed at high level on most solid tumor types, including prostate, breast, colon, gastric, ovarian, pancreatic and lung cancer.		
DB05009	Apadenoson	investigational	Apadenoson is a selective A2a adenosine receptor agonist designed for use as a pharmacologic stress agent in cardiac perfusion imaging studies. It is developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is in phase II of clinical trials.		
DB05010	SGS-742	investigational	SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.		
DB05011	Taberminogene vadenovec	investigational	Taberminogene vadenovec (EG004) is a novel product consisting of a local delivery device and a gene-based medicine, being developed to prevent the blocking of veins and arteries that frequently occurs after vascular surgery. The initial target market is haemodialysis graft access surgery, a procedure in which patients whose kidneys have failed have a plastic tube grafted between blood vessels generally in their forearm so that their blood can be regularly filtered using a dialysis machine. EG004 has completed a Phase II trial, this being the first part of the Phase II/III study for which it has received approval from the US Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC).		
DB05012	XEN2174	investigational	Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain.		
DB05013	Ingenol mebutate	approved	Ingenol mebutate was approved by the FDA in January 2012, and it is marketed under the name Picato®. Picato gel is indicated for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Before approval, ingenol mebutate was called PEP005 as an investigational drug. PEP005 is a selective small molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) extracted from the plant Euphorbia peplus, whose sap has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of skin conditions including warts and cancer. PEP005 also has potent anti-leukemic effects, inducing apoptosis in myeloid leukemia cell lines and primary AML cells at nanomolar concentrations.		
DB05014	XL999	investigational	XL999 has the potential to provide benefit to patients with lung cancer and acute myelogenous leukemia. XL999 is a new chemical entity that inhibits a spectrum of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) with growth promoting and angiogenic properties, including FGFR 1/3, PDGFRα/β, VEGFR2/KDR, KIT, and FLT3. XL999 also inhibits FLT4 and SRC. XL999 has the potential to prevent tumor growth — both directly by a novel effect on tumor cell proliferation and indirectly through inhibition of the host angiogenic response. XL999 induces a cell-cycle block by a mechanism distinct from those previously identified and exhibits broad antitumor activity in xenograft models.		
DB05015	Belinostat	approved,investigational	Belinostat is a novel agent that inhibits the enzyme histone deacetylase (HDAC) with a sulfonamide-hydroxamide structure. It was developed as an orphan drug to target hematological malignancies and solid tumors by TopoTarget. The safety and efficacy of belinostat is currently being evaluated for use in combination with traditional front-line therapies for the treatment of PTCL. Intravenous administration of the agent is available as Beleodaq as monotherapy and the dosing regimen involves a 21-day cycle. It was US-approved in July 2014 as a therapeutic agent for relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.		
DB05016	Ataluren	approved,investigational	Ataluren is a novel, orally administered drug that targets nonsense mutations. Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.This drug does not yet have approval by the US Food and Drug Administration or by Health Canada for any indications.		
DB05017	YSIL6	investigational	YSIL6 is a small-molecule drug in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. The molecule works by inhibiting TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in T-cells and macrophages, and by inhibiting T-cell proliferation and migration.		
DB05018	Migalastat	approved,investigational	Fabry disease is a rare, progressive genetic disorder characterized by a defective GLA gene that causes a deficiency in the enzyme alpha-Galactosidase A (alpha-Gal A) [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4263]. This enzyme is responsible for breaking down glycosphingolipid substrate that, when deficient in patients with Fabry disease, builds up in the blood vessels, the kidneys, the nerves, the heart, and other organs [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4278]. In the U.S., it is estimated that more than 3,000 people are living with Fabry disease, and an estimated more than 50 percent of these diagnosed patients are currently untreated [L4274].Migalastat (approved and sold under Amicus Therapeutics' brand name Galafold) is subsequently an oral pharmacological chaperone of alpha-Gal A for the treatment of Fabry disease in adults who have amenable GLA variants [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4278]. In these patients, migalastat works by stabilizing the body’s own dysfunctional alpha-Gal A enzyme so that it can clear the accumulation of glycosphingolipid disease substrate [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4278]. Globally, it is estimated that approximately 35 to 50 percent of Fabry patients may have amenable GLA variants that are treatable with migalastat [L4274].Given the rarity of Fabry disease and the proportion of Fabry disease patients that could benefit from migalastat therapy, Amicus Therapeutics' brand name Galafold was approved using the Accelerated Approval pathway, under which the FDA may approve drugs for serious conditions where there is an unmet medical need and where a drug is shown to have certain effects that are reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit to patients [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4278]. A further study is required to verify and describe the clinical benefits of Galafold, and the sponsor will be conducting a confirmatory clinical trial of Galafold in adults with Fabry disease [FDA Label, F1107, L4274, L4278].Additionally, Galafold was alzo granted Priority Review designation, under which the FDA’s goal is to take action on an application within six months of application filing where the agency determines that the drug, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in treating, diagnosing or preventing a serious condition over available therapies [FDA Label, F1107]. Galafold also received Orphan Drug designation, which provides incentives to assist and encourage the development of drugs for rare diseases [FDA Label, F1107].As of August 2018, migalastat under Amicus Therapeutics' brand name Galafold is currently approved in Australia, Canada, European Union, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Switzerland, and the United States.		
DB05019	LC16M8	investigational	LC16m8 is a next-generation, attenuated smallpox vaccine that is designed to have a better safety profile, yet be equally effective, compared to conventional smallpox vaccines. It is the only attenuated vaccine to be licensed for use in humans to prevent smallpox infection.		
DB05020	Besifovir dipivoxil	investigational	Besifovir dipivoxil is a small-molecule orally available inhibitor of the HBV polymerase. The HBV polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the production of new RNA from the existing strand of RNA. Besifovir dipivoxil is believed to inhibit viral proliferation by interrupting the replicating machinery of the virus.		
DB05021	EMZ702	investigational	EMZ702, a non-toxic agent that has strong anti-viral synergy with interferon, is an ideal candidate for combination with current standard hepatitis C treatments. EMZ702 has an excellent safety profile and the combination of EMZ702 with interferon and ribavirin in surrogate models for hepatitis C has demonstrated a two to three fold increase in anti-viral potency compared to interferon and ribavirin alone.		
DB05022	Amonafide	investigational	Amonafide is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the families of drugs called topoisomerase inhibitors and intercalating agents.		
DB05023	ATL1101	investigational	ATL1101 is a second-generation antisense drug designed to block the synthesis of the IGF-1 receptor, a protein involved in the regulation of cell overgrowth in psoriasis. ATL1101 is being developed as a cream for the topical treatment of mild to moderate cases of psoriasis.		
DB05024	CTA018	investigational	CTA018 is a member of a new class of vitamin D analogues with a dual mechanism of action, called Vitamin D Signal Amplifiers. This proprietary new drug is both a potent inhibitor of CYP24 (the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of vitamin D) and a potent activator of vitamin D signaling pathways. CTA018 will be the first drug with this novel dual mechanism of action to enter clinical development. Preclinical studies have shown that CTA018 inhibits the proliferation of rapidly dividing cells such as human epidermal keratinocytes (skin cells) and is also effective in inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion which may be involved in the etiology of psoriasis. Cytochroma anticipates that CTA018 will be more potent than currently marketed vitamin D analogues such as calcitriol and calcipotriol and it is expected to have a greater safety index.		
DB05025	Arimoclomol	investigational	Arimoclomol is an experimental drug compound developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California. The orally administered drug is intended to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a neurodegenerative disease with no effective treatment.		
DB05027	DG041	investigational	DG041 is a novel, first-in-class, orally-administered small molecule developmented for the prevention of arterial thrombosis and its complications. DG041, an anti-platelet compound, has shown to be a selective and potent antagonist of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandins E2. EP3 is a target that associates with increased risk of various vascular diseases. It block the formation of blood clots mediated through inflammation in atherosclerotic plaques but without increasing bleeding risk.		
DB05029	Lancovutide	investigational	Lancovutide, a peptide antibiotic, is in clinical development for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Duramycin is a 19-amino-acid tetracyclic peptide produced by Streptoverticillium cinnamoneus and is closely related to cinnamycin (Ro09-0198). It belongs to the lantibiotics. Lantibiotics are bacteriocins that are characterized by the presence of a high proportion of unusual amino acids.		
DB05032	REV131	investigational	rEV131 is in development for allergic rhinitis, asthma and several inflammatory eye diseases. It is a topically delivered small protein that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.		
DB05033	INCB7839	investigational	INCB7839 is a novel, orally available ADAM metalloprotease inhibitor that is designed to block activation of the epidermal growth factor (EGFR) pathways. It represents a potentially important new class of targeted breast cancer therapy. It has shown promising clinical activity in heavily pretreated, refractory breast cancer patients.		
DB05034	Ularitide	investigational	Ularitide is a synthetic form of urodilatin, a naturally occurring human natriuretic peptide that is involved in regulating blood pressure and the excretion of water and sodium from the kidneys. Urodilatin is produced in the kidney and excreted into the urine, and thus exists in low levels naturally in the systemic blood circulation. When injected into the blood, ularitide appears to cause diuresis (urine output) and natriuresis (sodium excretion), as well as vasodilation. Ularitide is currently in Phase 2 development as a potential treatment for patients with acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF).		
DB05035	Eprotirome	investigational	Eprotirome which is a compound with promising properties for treatment of obesity and dyslipidemia. Eprotirome increases the body’s energy consumption and reduces body weight and markedly reduces blood lipids and blood glucose.		
DB05036	Grn163l	investigational	GRN163L is a novel anti-cancer drug. It has been characterized preclinically and shown to inhibit telomerase in human tumor cells of many cancer types (including lung, breast, prostate, liver, and early stage of human breast cancer), in both cell culture systems and animal models. Study of this drug shows the its potential utility in the treatment of patients with hematologic and solid tumor malignancies.		
DB05038	Anatibant	investigational	Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).		
DB05039	Indacaterol	approved	Indacaterol is a novel, ultra-long-acting, rapid onset β(2)-adrenoceptor agonist developed for Novartis for the once-daily management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on 30 November 2009 and by the FDA on 1 July 2011. It is marketed in Europe as Onbrez and in America as Arcapta Neohaler. Indacaterol is provided as its maleate salt form. Indacaterol is also a chiral molecule but only the pure R-enantiomer is dispensed.		
DB05040	MVA3000	investigational	MVA3000 is an attenuated smallpox vaccine that is being developed for use in people for whom the traditional smallpox vaccine is contraindicated, such as patients with disorders of the immune system or skin conditions such as eczema.		
DB05042	SGS518	investigational	SGS518, a novel antagonist for the 5HT6 subtype of the serotonin receptor, is being developed as a treatment for Cognitive Impairment Associated with Schizophrenia (CIAS).		
DB05043	GSK159797	investigational	GSK159797 ('797) is an inhaled, longer-acting Beta2 agonist developed for the treatment of respiratory disease such as asthma and COPD.		
DB05044	PSN357	investigational	PSN357 is a glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor (GPI), which is designed to rapidly lower blood glucose levels by preventing glycogen breakdown to glucose in the liver.		
DB05045	Obinepitide	investigational	Obinepitide is a synthetic analogue of two natural human hormones, PYY and Pancreatic Polypeptide, which normally are released during a meal. These hormones are known to play a role in the regulation of food intake and appetite in man as satiety signal from the GI-tract to the CNS. In obinepitide, the properties of both of these hormones have been implanted into a single molecule.		
DB05046	V1003	investigational	V1003 is an intranasal formulation of buprenorphine, an opiate analgesic, for the management of post-operative pain in hospital and home settings. Buprenorphine is a well-known analgesic and the intranasal formulation has the potential to provide a convenient alternative to other treatments, allowing patients to manage their post-operative pain both prior to discharge from hospital and at home during their recovery period.		
DB05047	CX-717	illicit,investigational	CX-717 is an ampakine compound previously investigated for the treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Alzheimer's disease.		
DB05048	Cannabinor	investigational	Cannabinor, a synthetic CB2-selective agonist, is in Phase 2 clinical testing as an analgesic.		
DB05049	DDP733	investigational	DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).		
DB05050	ADL5859	investigational	ADL5859 is a novel, oral compound that targets the Delta opioid receptor. Delta receptor agonists are thought to offer benefits over other approaches to the management of pain.		
DB05051	BZL101	investigational	BZL101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of advanced breast cancer with a novel mechanism of action. BZL101 targets diseased cells while leaving normal cells healthy and intact.		
DB05052	MF101	investigational	MF101 is a novel estrogen receptor beta (ERβ) selective agonist and unlike currently available hormone therapies, does not activate the estrogen receptor alpha (ERα), known to be implicated in tumor formation. MF101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of hot flashes and night sweats in peri-menopausal and menopausal women.		
DB05053	MB-07803	investigational	MB07803 is a second generation gluconeogenesis inhibitor for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is designed to block the metabolic pathway in the liver that is responsible for producing glucose.		
DB05054	AN0128	investigational	AN0128 is a novel compound that contains a boron atom within a borinic acid complex. AN0128 has broad spectrum activity against a wide variety of Gram positivebacteria, including many that are known skin colonizers. Of particular importance is P. acnes and its causal role in acne vulgaris. The rise in antibioticresistance of P. acnes to standard antibiotics necessitates the development of new treatment agents. AN0128 is a good candidate for a topical antibiotic and is currently being developed by Anacor as a novel therapeutic for acne and atopic dermatitis.		
DB05055	RG2417	investigational	RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain.		
DB05056	EGS21	investigational	EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating  immune mediated  disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo   scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being          evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease,   hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.		
DB05057	Erdosteine	approved,investigational	Erdosteine is a drug that causes a breakdown of mucus, also known as a _mucolytic_ agent. It is a _thiol_ derivative produced for the clinical management of chronic obstructive bronchitis, in addition to infective exacerbations of chronic bronchitis. This drug contains sulfhydryl groups which are released after erdosteine undergoes hepatic first pass metabolism. Three active metabolites result and possess mucolytic activity in addition to free radical scavenging activity. Erdosteine acts to control mucus production and control its viscosity while increasing mucociliary transport. It also combats the effects of free radicals resulting from cigarette smoke. Erdosteine has been shown to be safe and well tolerated in clinical trials. Erdosteine 300mg twice daily reduced cough (both frequency and severity) and sputum viscosity more quickly and more effectively than placebo and reduced the adhesivity of sputum more effectively than ambroxol 30mg twice daily. Co-administration of erdosteine and amoxicillin in patients with acute infective exacerbation of chronic bronchitis resulted in higher concentrations of the antibiotic in the sputum, leading to earlier and more pronounced amelioration of clinical symptoms compared with placebo. Erdosteine is associated with a low incidence of adverse events, most of which are gastrointestinal and generally mild.		
DB05059	ILY101	investigational	ILY101 is a metal-free, non-absorbed polymeric drug designed for the selective binding and removal of phosphate anions from the gastrointestinal tract.  ILY101 is being developed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in CKD patients on dialysis and works by reducing the systemic absorption of dietary phosphate.  ILY101 is designed to allow for lower daily doses and improved patient acceptance and tolerability in comparison to other products in this class of drugs.		
DB05060	R1626	investigational	R1626 is one of a new class of hepatitis C therapies called polymerase inhibitors. It achieves significant reductions in viral load in chronic hepatitis C patients infected with the difficult to treat genotype 1 virus. R1626 is very effective in inhibiting viral replication		
DB05061	GFT14	investigational	GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones).		
DB05063	Mitoquinone	investigational	Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.		
DB05064	INCB13739	investigational	INCB13739 is developed as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes. It is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of 11beta-HSD1 (11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1). 11beta-HSD1 is an enzyme that appears to be critical to the development of type 2 diabetes.		
DB05068	ATG002	investigational	ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.		
DB05069	ATG003	investigational	ATG003, a novel anti-angiogenic drug candidate and a formulation of mecamylamine, is currently in clinical development for neovascular age-related macular degeneration.		
DB05070	ADX10059	investigational	ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5)  negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.		
DB05071	ACE393	investigational	ACE393 is an injectable vaccine designed to combat the bacterium Campylobacter jejuni, one of the greatest causes of bacterial diarrhoeal infections in the developed world.		
DB05072	AV608	investigational	AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).		
DB05075	TG-100801	investigational	TG100801 is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasively as an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.		
DB05076	Fenretinide	investigational	A synthetic retinoid that is used orally as a chemopreventive against prostate cancer and in women at risk of developing contralateral breast cancer. It is also effective as an antineoplastic agent.		
DB05077	SLV319	investigational	SLV319 belongs to a novel class of agents called CB1 antagonists, which work by blocking the cannabinoid type 1 (CB1) receptor. It is developed for the treatment of obesity and other metabolic disorders.		
DB05078	AER001	investigational	AER001, an IL4/13 receptor antagonist for severe asthma and eczema currently in Phase 2 studies.		
DB05079	HY10275	investigational	HY10275 is a novel compound specifically designed to modulate two key neurobiological mechanisms that interfere with the sleeping process. HY10275 is highly selective for histamine H1 and serotonin 5HT2a, two chemical receptors that are known to impact the ability to fall asleep and stay asleep. HY10275 was rationally designed to "let you sleep" rather than depress the entire brain to "make you sleep." This dual-acting receptor activity and the lack of affinity for undesired off- target receptors are thought to account for the compounds excellent efficacy and tolerability profile.		
DB05080	OBE101	investigational	OBE101 is a new weight loss drug developed by Obecure Ltd. It is a new formulation that is based on the vertigo medication, Betahistine. Obecure is repurposing betahistine, which is an H1 receptor agonist and partial H3 receptor antagonist for the treatment of obese individuals and for other weight management indications.		
DB05081	JB991	investigational	JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin.		
DB05082	ARX201	investigational	ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.		
DB05084	Abaloparatide	approved,investigational	Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.		
DB05085	TM30339	investigational	TM30339 is an analogue of the natural hormone Pancreatic Polypeptide (PP), which is released in connection with meals. TM30339 works through the same receptor as the natural satiety hormone, Pancreatic Polypeptide (PP), but TM30339 has improved properties compared with PP. TM30339 thus imitates a natural mechanism, a satiety signal from the gastrointestinal system involved in the regulation of food intake in humans. TM30339 is developed for the treatment of obesity.		
DB05087	Ganaxolone	investigational	Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.		
DB05088	Tetrathiomolybdate	investigational	Tetrathiomolybdate is an oral, small-molecule, anticopper agent that is highly specific for lowering the levels of free copper in serum. COPREXA has completed pivotal clinical trials for the treatment of neurologic Wilson's disease. It is also developed for fibrotic disorders based upon the rationale that the fibrotic disease process is dependent upon the availability of free copper in the body.		
DB05089	VPM4001	investigational	VPM4001 is an allogeneic vaccine for treatment of prostate carcinoma. It consists of irradiated human LNCaP cells that have been genetically modified to permanently secrete interferon-γ and interleukin-2 (LNCaP/IL-2/IFN-γ). Interferon-γ enhances presentation of tumour antigens, whereas interleukin-2 stimulates T cells.		
DB05090	FP0011	investigational	FP0011 is a small molecule antiglutamatergic compound with symptomatic and disease modifying effects in a variety of neurological disorders (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's disease). It acts on the presynaptic regulation of glutamate and shows strong neuroprotective properties.		
DB05091	M0002	investigational	M0002 is an orally-active selective vasopressin antagonist that inhibits water re-absorption from the kidneys. It is a vasopressin 2 antagonist and represents a new class of compounds – aquaretics – that produce profound diuresis without loss of electrolytes. It will be of major benefit to those patients not responding satisfactorily to diuretics alone.		
DB05092	CDP323	investigational	CDP323 is an antagonist of the _vascular cell adhesion molecule 1_ (VCAM-1) binding to alpha4-integrins (other adhesion molecules), a process thought to be implicated in the pathophysiology of Multiple Sclerosis (MS). It is considered a small-molecule prodrug. CDP323 was originally developed by the British biopharmaceutical company Celltech plc. (now UCB S.A.) and is a putative new drug for oral treatment of multiple sclerosis.		
DB05093	AX200	investigational	AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.		
DB05095	Cimicoxib	investigational	Cimicoxib is a selective COX-2 inhibitor being developed by Affectis as a treatment for depression and schizophrenia. If approved, Cimicoxib would be the first drug in decades to treat depression by a new mechanism of action.		
DB05096	LY2140023	investigational	LY2140023 is an investigational drug from Lilly, which is being developed as a new treatment option for schizophrenia. LY2140023 is an oral "prodrug," meaning it is devoid of intrinsic biological activity and, once administered, is metabolized to provide the active mGlu2/3 receptor agonist called LY404039. Most currently approved antipsychotic medications work by affecting the neurotransmitters dopamine or serotonin. For LY2140023, the active substance, LY404039, is thought to work by reducing the presynaptic release of another neurotransmitter, glutamate, in brain regions where mGlu2/3 receptors are expressed. Further studies are planned or are ongoing to learn more about the safety and effectiveness, including determining an optimal therapeutic dose for LY2140023.		
DB05097	Labetuzumab	investigational	Labetuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody to carcinoembryonic antigen that inhibits tumor growth. It is used in radioimmunotherapy.		
DB05098	Leptin	investigational	Although leptin is a circulating signal that reduces appetite, in general, obese people have an unusually high circulating concentration of leptin. These people are said to be resistant to the effects of leptin, in much the same way that people with type 2 diabetes are resistant to the effects of insulin. Thus, obesity develops when people take in more energy than they use over a prolonged period of time, and this excess food intake is not driven by hunger signals, occurring in spite of the anti-appetite signals from circulating leptin. The high sustained concentrations of leptin from the enlarged fat stores result in the cells that respond to leptin becoming desensitized.		
DB05099	Ancrod	approved,investigational	Ancrod, marketed as Viprinex, is a defibrinogenating agent derived from Malayan pit viper venom. The defribrinogenation of blood results in an anticoagulant effect. Currently, Viprinex®/ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country, but is being investigated as a stroke treatment in worldwide clinical trials. In January 2005, the U.S. FDA granted a 'fast-track status' for investigation of ancrod use in patients suffering from acute ischemic stroke, a life threatening condition caused by the blockage of blood vessels supplying blood and oxygen to portions of the brain, for which phase III trials are currently being conducted.		
DB05100	Prinomastat	investigational	Prinomastat is a synthetic hydroxamic acid derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Prinomastat inhibits matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) (specifically, MMP-2, 9, 13, and 14), thereby inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. As a lipophilic agent, prinomastat crosses the blood-brain barrier.		
DB05101	Matuzumab	investigational	Matuzumab (formerly known as the experimental drug, EMD 72000) is a humanized monoclonal antibody used in cancer treatment. It has a high affinity for EGFR (epithelial growth factor receptor), frequently associated with the growth of blood vessels in malignancy, facilitating tumor growth and survival.		
DB05102	Rupintrivir	investigational	Rupintrivir is a rhinovirus 3C protease inhibitor in development for use against human rhinoviral (HRV) infections. Rupintrivir was active against all 48 HRV serotypes tested in a cell protection assay in H1-HeLa cells. It is designed to combat colds caused by rhinovirus.		
DB05103	AN-9	investigational	Pivaloyloxymethyl butyrate (AN-9), an acyloxyalkyl ester prodrug of butyric acid (BA), exhibited low toxicity and significant anticancer activity in vitro and in vivo. It shows greater potency than BA at inducing malignant cell differentiation and tumor growth inhibition and has demonstrated more favorable toxicological, pharmacological, and pharmaceutical properties than BA in preclinical studies.		
DB05104	Asimadoline	investigational	Asimadoline is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. Asimadoline was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. Asimadoline is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases.		
DB05105	Pleconaril	investigational	Pleconaril is an antiviral drug from _viral capsid inhibitor_ class, manufactured by _Schering-Plough_ and intended for the prevention of acute asthma exacerbations and common cold symptoms in asthmatic patients who have had exposure to _picornavirus_. It acts by inhibiting viral replication. The use of pleconaril has not gained approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) due to the fact that it has been found to induce CYP3A enzyme activity, therefore increasing the risk for serious drug interactions.		
DB05106	IR208	investigational	IR208 is a synthetic T-Cell receptor peptidevaccine developed by Immune Response Corporation.It contains three peptides (BV5S2, BV6S5and BV13S1) expressed by T-Cells in over 90% of MSpatients. IR208 is currently undergoing Phase IIstudies in a 200-patient trial.		
DB05107	16-Bromoepiandrosterone	investigational	16-Bromoepiandrosterone is an injectable formulation of a compound called alpha-epi-bromide. It is a chemical relative of DHEA which was selected for development after it showed antiretroviral activity in laboratory tests.		
DB05108	EHT899	investigational	EHT899 is a proprietary formulation of an HBV viral protein designed to eliminate the undesirable immune response elicited by the HBV infection.  It also apparently enhances a secondary immune response to clear the viral infection, resulting in reduction in liver damage and decrease in viral load.		
DB05109	Trabectedin	approved,investigational	Trabectedin, also referred as ET-743 during its development, is a marine-derived antitumor agent discovered in the Carribean tunicate _Ecteinascidia turbinata_ and now produced synthetically. Trabectedin has a unique mechanism of action. It binds to the minor groove of DNA interfering with cell division and genetic transcription processes and DNA repair machinery. It is approved for use in Europe, Russia and South Korea for the treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcoma. It is currently under evaluation for the treatment of breast cancer, prostate cancer, in addition to pediatric sarcomas. Both the European Commission and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have approved trabectedin as an orphan drug in soft tissue sarcomas and ovarian cancer. On October 23, 2015, the FDA approved trabectedin, (as Yondelis), for the treatment of specific soft tissue sarcomas.		
DB05110	VIR201	investigational	is an experimental therapeutic vaccine currently in clinical trial. The aim of therapeutic vaccines is to augment the body's immune response to HIV and to delay or prevent progression to AIDS.		
DB05111	Fontolizumab	investigational	Fontolizumab (marketed under the trade name HuZAF™) is a humanized monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug to treat Crohn's disease.		
DB05112	AP5280	investigational	AP5280 is a novel N-(2-hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide (HPMA) copolymer-bound platinum (Pt) therapeutic designed to increase the therapeutic index relative to conventional, small-molecule platinum agents.		
DB05113	105AD7	investigational	105AD7 is a human monoclonal antibody that mimics the complement regulatory protein, CD55, overexpressed by many solid tumours including osteosarcoma. 105AD7 induced antitumour inflammatory responses in metastatic colorectal cancer patients. 105AD7 may be a suitable vaccine for treatment of this disease.		
DB05114	EHC18	investigational	EHC18 is an immune regulation medicine. It is a broad spectrum of specific HCV proteins.		
DB05115	NN344	investigational	NN344 is a neutral, soluble long-acting human insulin analogue with 24 hour coverage by once daily injection. NN344 has a very flat and predictable action profile. The product is intended for basal insulin treatment of diabetes mellitus.		
DB05116	Thymectacin	investigational	Thymectacin, a phosphoramidate derivative of (E)-5-(2-bromovinyl)-2'-deoxyuridine, is a novel small molecule anticancer agent. Thymectacin is selectively active against tumor cells expressing high levels of thymidylate synthase (TS), a critical enzyme in DNA biosynthesis. Thymectacin was as efficacious as irinotecan, a drug recently approved for the treatment of 5-fluorouracil-resistant colon cancer.		
DB05117	IGN301	investigational	IGN301 is a cancer vaccine based on an anti-idiotypic antibody which provokes an immune response to Lewis Y. Lewis Y is a carbohydrate molecule expressed on the surface of tumor cells of epithelial origin (e.g. lung, intestinal, breast, prostate or ovarian cancers).		
DB05118	R1204	investigational	R1204 is G-protein-coupled receptor modulator. It is developed for the treatment of depression.		
DB05119	Rilapladib	investigational	Rilapladib is the third genomics-derived small molecule drug arising from the Human Genome Sciences-GlaxoSmithKline collaboration to enter clinical development. It is a lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) inhibitor. Lp-PLA2 is an enzyme associated with the formation of atherosclerotic plaques.		
DB05120	AT1391	investigational	AT1391 is a daily insulin skin patch designed to provide continuous basal levels of insulin for patients with diabetes.		
DB05121	1D09C3	investigational	1D09C3, a monoclonal antibody against lymphoid cancers, is an anti-MHC (major histocompatibility complex) class II monoclonal antibody. The antibody was isolated in collaboration with MorphoSys from its HuCAL(R) library of human antibodies. 1D09C3 binds to certain cell surface receptors, selectively killing activated, proliferating MHC class II-positive tumor cells, which include those in B-cell and T-cell lymphomas. 1D09C3 has been shown to induce programmed cell death and does not require a functioning immune system for its cell-killing effect.		
DB05122	R1295	investigational	R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB05123	Gemcabene	investigational	Gemcabene is a new drug that lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), decreases triglycerides, and raises high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C).		
DB05124	ARC183	investigational	ARC183 is a DNA aptamer, which is a single-stranded DNA molecule consisting of 15 deoxynucleotides that forms well-defined three-dimensional configuration, allowing it to bind to thrombin with high affinity and specificity. The keyadvantage of ARC183 compared to other thrombin inhibitors is its rapid onset of action and short half-life, giving it the potential to be an ideal agent for medical procedures that require rapid resolution of anticoagulation or that require reversal of anticoagulation shortly after the procedure is completed.		
DB05125	SC12267	investigational	SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.		
DB05126	PYM50018	investigational	PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.		
DB05127	ANA971	investigational	ANA971, an orally administered prodrug of isatoribine. Isatoribine is a nucleoside analog in development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. ANA971 is a prodrug designed to improve the oral bioavailability of isatoribine. ANA971 resulted in higher levels of isatoribine in the blood than were present after oral administration of isatoribine itself.		
DB05128	Aminocandin	investigational	Aminocandin is a new representative of the echinocandins that could potentially affect the cellular morphology and metabolic status of Candida albicans cells within biofilms.		
DB05129	Elsamitrucin	investigational	The cytostatic agent Elsamitrucin is a new fermentation product active in a variety of in vivo tumor models of murine and human origin. (PMID: 8150873)		
DB05130	INCB3284	investigational	INCB3284 is a CCR2 antagonist for Inflammation-driven Diseases.		
DB05131	TTP889	investigational	TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants.		
DB05132	ND1251	investigational	ND1251 is an orally active phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE4) inhibitor, a mechanism clinically proven to play a role in alleviating symptoms of depression. ND1251 is a very potent compound with a large safety margin. ND1251 may also have applications in other disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, multiple sclerosis and certain respiratory diseases.		
DB05133	VP025	investigational	VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.		
DB05134	Tanespimycin	investigational	Tanespimycin, manufactured by Conforma Therapeutics is under development as a small molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). It is developed for the treatment of several types of cancer, solid tumors or chronic myelogenous leukemia.		
DB05135	Vibriolysin	investigational	Vibriolysin is a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the marine microorganism Vibrio proteolyticus. It is a new agent for enzymatic debridement, shown to rapidly and thoroughly hydrolyze burn wound eschar within full-thickness wounds.		
DB05136	Bavituximab	investigational	Bavituximab is a chimeric Anti-PS monoclonal antibody analog which is used to potentially treat cancers and viral infections. It binds to phosphatidylserine and other exposed host cell lipids when induced by cellular stress. Additional analogs in the class include 3G4, 2aG4, 9d2 and Hu3g4.		
DB05137	Lobeline	investigational	An alkaloid that has actions similar to nicotine on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. [PubChem]		
DB05138	AdPEDF	investigational	AdPEDF is under development for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD). It has been shown to rapidly elevate the intraocular AdPEDF protein levels in the eye, inhibit abnormal blood vessel growth, and cause abnormal blood vessels to regress while protecting the eye’s photoreceptors.		
DB05139	CR002	investigational	CR002 is a novel investigational fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the activity of excess platelet-derived growth factor-D (PDGF-D), a target shown to play a role in kidney inflammation. This is a novel therapeutic approach to treat kidney inflammation.		
DB05140	RAV12	investigational	RAV12 is investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors. RAV12 is a solid. RAV12 is a chimeric antibody that recognizes RAAG12, an N-linked carbohydrate antigen found on gastric, colon, pancreatic, prostate, ovarian, breast, and kidney cancer cells.		
DB05141	LY2181308	investigational	LY2181308 is investigated in clinical trials for treating solid tumors. LY2181308 is a solid. LY2181308 is directed against a molecular target called survivin. LY2181308 is known to target baculoviral IAP repeat-containing protein 5. LY2181308 is an anti-sense oligonucleotide that potently downregulated survivin expression in human cancer cells derived from lung, colon, breast, prostate, ovary, cervix, skin and brain.		
DB05142	ND7001	investigational	ND7001, a selective PDE2 inhibitor is in clinical trials for the treatment of depression. ND7001 is a solid. Known drug targets of ND7001 including phosphodiesterase 2A, cGMP-stimulated and cGMP-dependent 3',5'-cyclic phosphodiesterase. It is a new type of antidepressant drug with anxiolytic activity. It is the first representative of a new generation of psycho-active compounds potentially devoid of several problems seen with existing treatments.		
DB05143	OXI-4503	investigational	OXI-4503 is investigated in clinical trials for treating cancer/tumors. OXI-4503 is a solid. OXI-4503 blocks and destroys tumor vasculature, resulting in extensive tumor cell death and necrosis. OXI-4503 (combretastatin A1 di-phosphate / CA1P) is a unique and highly potent, dual-mechanism vascular disrupting agent (VDA). In addition, however, preclinical data demonstrates that OXI-4503 is metabolized by oxidative enzymes (e.g., tyrosinase and peroxidases), which are elevated in many solid tumors and tumor infiltrates, to an orthoquinone chemical species that has direct cytotoxic effects on tumor cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that OXI-4503 has (i) single-agent activity against a range of xenograft tumor models; and (ii) synergistic or additive effects when incorporated in various combination regimens with chemotherapy, molecularly-targeted therapies (including tumor-angiogenesis inhibitors), and radiation therapy.		
DB05144	PEV3A	investigational	PEV3A is a prophylactic malaria vaccine that acts against various stages of the disease. It is a two-component vaccine that contains the virosome formulated peptide mimetics PEV301 and PEV302. The two synthetic peptide vaccine components mimic the native structure of important antigens of the malaria parasite. The elicited antibodies are highly specific and able to inhibit the parasite’s ability to invade liver tissue _in vitro_.		
DB05145	TH0318	investigational	TH0318 is a stabilized analogue of human GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide-1) under investigation for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.		
DB05146	XL820	investigational	XL820 is investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors. XL820 is a solid. The proteins that XL820 inhibit include platelet-derived growth factor receptor beta (PDGFR), mast/stem cell growth factor receptor KIT, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2, and platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha, clinically validated targets implicated in a variety of human cancers. XL820 exhibits dose-dependent growth inhibition in models of breast carcinoma, gliomas and leukemia.		
DB05147	CYT997	investigational	CYT997 is an orally available vascular argeting and cytotoxic agent that has proven effective in animal models of a wide range of tumour types including breast, prostate and colon, as well as some leukemias.		
DB05148	CG0070	investigational	CG0070 is investigated in clinical trials for treating bladder cancer. CG0070 is a solid. CG0070 can potentially destroy cancer cells by two different mechanisms: direct cell killing by the virus and immune-mediated cell killing stimulated by GM-CSF. CG0070, an oncolytic virus therapy with specificity for multiple cancers, has been evaluated in numerous preclinical studies. It has been engineered to secrete GM-CSF, an immune stimulating hormone, which also serves as the adjuvant in cancer immunotherapy.		
DB05149	XL844	investigational	XL844 is investigated for the use and treatment solid tumors. XL844 is a solid. XL844 is a potent inhibitor of the checkpoint kinases CHK1 and CHK2, which induce cell cycle arrest in response to a variety of DNA damaging agents. Known drug targets of XL844 including serine/threonine-protein kinase Chk1 and serine/threonine-protein kinase Chk2.		
DB05150	CAD106	investigational	CAD106 is an immunotherapeutic product in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It is designed to induce antibodies against the beta-amyloid-protein that inhibit the formation of plaques in the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients.		
DB05151	TST10088	investigational	TST10088 is a recombinant variant of a plant toxin belonging to the family of class II ribosome inactivating proteins. These molecules efficiently kill cells by activating preprogrammed death pathways known as apoptosis. TST10088 has been designed and engineered by Twinstrand to contain a peptide switch that is specifically cleaved by the matrix metalloproteinases which are known to be involved in tumor growth and metastasis. Cleavage of the peptide switch activates the prodrug causing ribosomal inactivation and the death of cancerous cells.		
DB05152	NGX267	investigational	NGX267 is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression.		
DB05154	Pretomanid	approved	Persistent forms of tuberculosis (TB) have proven to be a major cause of global morbidity and mortality and a cause for significant concern. Research in recent years has been geared toward the development of novel therapies that target persistent forms of this disease, which have shown resistance to standard therapy regimens.[A182915] Pretomanid is an antimycobacterial agent that is administered with [Bedaquiline] and [Linezolid] to treat resistant forms of pulmonary TB. It was the first TB drug developed by a nonprofit organization, known as TB Alliance, and was granted FDA approval on August 14, 2019.[L8048,L8066] Unlike other therapeutic regimens for the treatment of resistant TB, which may take 18 months or longer and may not be effective, the pretomanid-containing regimen allows for a more efficacious and shorter duration of treatment with fewer drugs.[L8066]		
DB05155	CR665	investigational	CR665 is the lead clinical development candidate from a series of highly selective peripheral kappa opioid receptor agonists. In preclinical studies, CR665 was highly selective for the peripheral kappa opioid receptor. Preclinical animal studies suggest that CR665 is a potent analgesic compound. In addition, unlike currently marketed opioids, CR665 does not produce inhibition of intestinal transit (ileus), induce respiratory depression, or elicit signs of euphoria or addiction in animal models. Preclinical studies also indicate that CR665 possesses anti-inflammatory activities.		
DB05156	SL017	investigational	SL017 formulated as a topical gel, has been combined with a widely available light source for permanent removal of unwanted hair and for treatment of actinic keratosis		
DB05157	KC706	investigational	KC706 is a novel anti-inflammatory drug that works by inhibiting the activity of p38 MAP kinase. KC706 holds potential to treat inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease and cardiovascular disease.		
DB05158	PM02734	investigational	PM02734 is a marine derived compound. PM02734 as a new antiproliferative drug demonstrating activity against a broad spectrum of tumor types: breast, colon, pancreas, lung and prostate, among others.		
DB05159	CCX915	investigational	CCX915 is developed by ChemoCentryx which targets the chemokine receptor CCR2 and is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis and Neurologic Disorders. The CCR2 receptor is thought to be of central importance to inflammatory diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (MS), Type II diabetes and atherosclerosis.		
DB05160	Topsalysin	investigational	Topsalysin is being developed for the treatment of localized prostate cancer and also benign prostatic hyperplasia. Topsalysin is delivered locally to the prostate under ultrasound guidance.		
DB05161	Elafin	investigational	Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.		
DB05163	PV903	investigational	PV903 is a self administered vaginally delivered recombinant protein for the treatment of recurrent miscarriage, resulting from an intolerant immune response to the developing foetus.		
DB05164	CMLVAX100	investigational	CMLVAX100 is a vaccine targeting the BCR-ABL-derived p210 fusion protein which reduces residual disease in some patients with chronic myeloid leukemia. It is developed by Breakthrough Therapeutics and has completed phase I of its clinical trial.		
DB05165	LY2275796	investigational	LY2275796 is a second-generation antisense anti-cancer drug candidate for clinical development. LY2275796 targets eukaryotic initiation factor- 4E (eIF-4E), a protein involved in the translation of key growth and survival factors that drive tumor progression, angiogenesis and metastases.		
DB05166	APD668	investigational	APD668 is a novel, highly potent and orally active glucose-dependent insulinotropic receptor (GDIR) agonist intended to more efficiently stimulate insulin release by beta cells in response to elevated blood glucose levels, and to also avoid hypoglycemia.		
DB05167	PDPSC18	investigational	PDPSC18 is therapeutic DNA vaccine designed to fight chronic infections with the Hepatitis B virus, entering phase I clinical trials.		
DB05168	Vintafolide	investigational	Vintafolide is a folate-targeted chemotherapeutic conjugate (folate vitamin + vinca alkaloid) in clinical stage development as a treatment for folate-receptor positive cancers.		
DB05169	AT9283	investigational	AT9283 is an aurora Kinase inhibitor developed by Astex Therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. It was discovered and developed internally using Astex’s fragment-based drug discovery platform, Pyramid.		
DB05170	Benzimate	investigational	Benzimate is the lead compound selected from a series of compounds known as benzimidazoles. The anti-cancer and anti-viral activity of the benzimidazoles was originally investigated by the Proctor & Gamble Company beginning in the 1990's. It is currently under investigation by AmpliMed and is in phase I of clinical trial.		
DB05171	E-2012	investigational	E-2012 is a gamma secretase modulator that is being evaluated as a potential new treatment for Alzheimer's disease.		
DB05172	AT3022	investigational	AT3022, the Altea Therapeutics’s fentanyl citrate transdermal patch designed to provide safe and rapid management of moderate to severe chronic pain.		
DB05173	PTC299	investigational	PTC299 is a novel, orally administered small-molecule designed to inhibit the production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in tumors. Overexpression of VEGF plays a key role in multiple diseases including cancer and macular degeneration. PTC299 was discovered through PTC's GEMS technology by targeting the post-transcriptional processes that regulate VEGF formation, and is currently being developed for the treatment of cancer.		
DB05174	CX501	investigational	Cx501 is used to treat epidermolysis bullosa (EB), a rare genetic condition which can lead to contraction of the joints, fusion of fingers and toes, contraction of the mouth membranes and narrowing of the oesophagus. It is developed by Cellerix and is in phase I of clinical trials.		
DB05177	DG051	investigational	DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation.		
DB05178	DLO6001	investigational	DL6001 is developed by DanioLabs using proprietary zebrafish technology to treat Parkinson’s disease symptoms including sialorrhoea and hyperhidrosis.		
DB05179	DLO6002	investigational	DLO6002 is developed by Summit Corporation and is in phase I of clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.		
DB05180	LX6171	investigational	LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.		
DB05181	BTA798	investigational	BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB05182	AS1409	investigational	AS1409 is a genetically engineered fusion protein made up of two distinct components. One is the cytokine IL12, which has anti-cancer activity. The other is an antibody that targets tumours. It is developed by Antisoma is in a phase I of clinical trial for the treatment of renal cancer and melanoma.		
DB05183	MLN0415	investigational	MLN0415 is a novel, small molecule IKK2 inhibitor, discovered by Millennium scientists. In preclinical studies, MLN0415 was shown to decrease NF-kB activation and down-regulate the expression of a number of inflammatory proteins. Because inflammatory proteins play a critical role in inflammation and drive the inflammatory response to disease, controlling these proteins may prevent or slow disease progression.		
DB05184	XL228	investigational	XL228 is a novel anticancer compound designed to inhibit the insulin-like growth factor type-1 receptor (IGF1R), Src and Abl tyrosine kinases – targets that play crucial roles in cancer cell proliferation, survival and metastasis.		
DB05185	TRO19622	investigational	TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma.		
DB05186	SQ-109	investigational	SQ-109 is an orally active, small molecule antibiotic for treatment of pulmonary TB. Currently in Phase I clinical trials, SQ-109 could replace one or more drugs in the current first-line TB drug regimen, simplify therapy, and shorten the TB treatment regimen.		
DB05187	Elafibranor	investigational	Elafibranor (code name GFT505) is a multimodal and pluripotent medication for treatment of atherogenic dyslipidemia for an overweight patient with or without diabetes. It is an oral treatment that acts on the 3 sub-types of PPAR (PPARa, PPARg, PPARd) with a preferential action on PPARa. As of February 2016, elafibranor has completed 8 clinical trials and a phase III is in progress.		
DB05188	KD3010	investigational	KD3010 is a small molecule peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor delta (PPAR Delta) agonist for the treatment of metabolic disorders, including obesity.		
DB05189	EPC2407	investigational	EPC2407 is a novel small molecule vascular disruption agent and apoptosis inducer for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors and lymphomas. It is intended for the treatment of advanced cancer patients with solid tumors that are well vascularized. These tumorsinclude the frequently occurring cancers of the lung, gastrointestinal tract, ovaries, and breast.		
DB05190	XL281	investigational	XL281 is a novel anticancer compound designed to potently inhibit the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway. Mutational activation of RAS occurs in about 30 percent of all human tumors, including non-small cell lung, pancreatic, and colon cancer. XL281 is a specific inhibitor of RAF kinases, including the mutant form of B-RAF, which is activated in 60 percent of melanomas, 24-44 percent of thyroid cancers, and 9 percent of colon cancers.		
DB05191	Atl146e	investigational	ATL146e is an anti-inflammatory compounds which is an agonist of A2A adenosine receptors.		
DB05192	MB07811	investigational	MB07811 is the first of a novel class of product candidates discovered by Metabasis designed to lower serum cholesterol and triglycerides. MB07811, a small molecule that is administered orally, has been extensively studied preclinically and is currently undergoing clinical testing. MB07811 combines a novel thyroid hormone receptor agonist with the Company's novel HepDirect liver targeting prodrug technology. The combination of selectivity for the beta form of the receptor, liver targeting and other structural characteristics that limit extra-hepatic activity is designed to provide significant efficacy while avoiding side effects associated with activation of thyroid hormone receptors outside the liver.		
DB05194	KB002	investigational	KB002 is an engineered human IgG1k antibody engineered human. It is developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, initially rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB05195	ADC4022	investigational	ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.		
DB05196	ACR325	investigational	ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.		
DB05197	Sofalcone	investigational	Sofalcone is a mucosal protective agent that has been reported to inhibit growth of Helicobacter pylori. on adherence, production of vacuolating toxin (VT), and induction of interleukin-8 (IL-8) secretion by H. pylori.		
DB05198	CYC116	investigational	CYC116 is a novel anticancer compound with a unique target profile involving both cell cycle and angiogenesis inhibition mechanisms. In preclinical studies, CYC116 has demonstrated antitumor activity in both solid tumors and hematological cancers.Cyclacel's small molecule investigational drug, CYC116, is the third orally-available Cyclacel drug to enter development, which demonstrated anticancer activity with a mechanism consistent with inhibition of Aurora kinase.		
DB05199	LX1031	investigational	LX1031 is an orally-dosed drug candidate for irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. LX1031 was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists, and its target was internally identified as a key control point for the regulation of peripheral serotonin levels. LX1031 is designed to act locally in the gastrointestinal tract by reducing the serotonin available for receptor activation, without affecting serotonin levels in the brain or its central nervous system functions.		
DB05200	AT2220	investigational	AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.		
DB05201	V24343	investigational	The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.		
DB05202	Egaptivon pegol	investigational	ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.		
DB05203	SPP1148	investigational	SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.		
DB05204	XL418	investigational	XL418 is  a novel anticancer compound.		
DB05205	CX157	investigational	CX157,3-fluoro-7-(2,2,2,-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxathiin-10,10-dioxide, is a reversible, selective inhibitor of MAO-A designed to have improved oral bioavailability and reduced clearance compared to previous MAO-A inhibitors of this class.		
DB05207	SD118	investigational	SD118 was previously under investigation in Japan for a different indication and now, following re-profiling and evaluation in experimental animal models, has demonstrated its potential as a new oral therapy for neuropathic pain.		
DB05209	Rozrolimupab	investigational	Rozrolimupab is a recombinant polyclonal antibody consisting of 25 different anti-Rhesus D (RhD) antibodies to replace existing anti-RhD hyperimmune immunoglobulins for the treatment of Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP) and the prevention of Hemolytic Disease of Newborns (HDN).		
DB05210	SF1126	investigational	SF1126 is an integrin-targeted PI3 kinase inhibitor.		
DB05211	PS386113	investigational	PS386113 is a small molecule drug candidate under investigation for the treatment of inflammatory disorders. It is being developed by Schering-Plough and Pharmacopeia. Little information has been released about PS386113.		
DB05212	HE3286	investigational			
DB05214	KD7040	investigational	KD7040 is a topically-delivered inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) inhibitor for the treatment of neuropathic pain. The KD7040 IND was filed in 4Q06, and a Phase Ib clinical trial began 2Q07. It is being developed by Kalypsys.		
DB05217	GMX1777	investigational	GMX1777 is a water-soluble prodrug of the cyanoguanidine compound GMX1778 with potential antineoplastic activity. In vivo, apoptosis inducer GMX1777 is rapidly converted into GMX1778 through hydrolytic cleavage of a carbonate ester bond. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, GMX1778 appears to antagonize nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) transcription, resulting in the induction of tumor cell apoptosis.		
DB05218	PN0621	investigational	PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.		
DB05219	Crisaborole	approved,investigational	Crisaborole is a novel oxaborole approved by FDA on December 14, 2016 as Eucrisa, a topical treatment of for mild to moderate atopic dermatitis. This non-steroidal agent is efficacious in improving disease severity, reducing the risk of infection and reducing the signs and symptoms in patients 2 years old and older. It reduces the local inflammation in the skin and prevents further exacerbation of the disease with a good safety profile. Its structure contains a boron atom, which facilitates skin penetration and binding to the bimetal center of the phosphodiesterase 4 enzyme. It is currently under development as topical treatment of psoriasis.		
DB05220	Alisertib	investigational	Alisertib is a novel aurora A kinase inhibitor under investigation for the treatment of various forms of cancer.		
DB05222	KB001	investigational	KB001 is a Humaneered&trade; PEGylated monoclonal antibody fragment for the treatment of life-threatening Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, a common problem of cystic fibrosis and mechanically ventilated patients.		
DB05223	Pracinostat	investigational	Pracinostat is a novel HDAC inhibitor with improved in vivo properties compared to other HDAC inhibitors currently in clinical trials, allowing oral dosing. Data demonstrate that Pracinostat is a potent and effective anti-tumor drug with potential as an oral therapy for a variety of human hematological and solid tumors.		
DB05224	REP8839	investigational	REP8839 is a novel methionyl-tRNA synthetase (MetS) inhibitor being developed by Replidyne (GlaxoSmithKline licensed REP8839 to Replidyne in June of 2003).		
DB05225	AM103	investigational	AM103 is a novel inhibitor of 5-lipoxygenase-activiting protein (FLAP) that has demonstrated potential to treat asthma and cardiovascular disease by preventing the synthesis of LT, which triggers inflammation. It is being developed by Amira.		
DB05226	BTA9881	investigational	BTA9881 is a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antiviral drug developed by the Australian company Biota Holdings. It is currently in phase I trials.		
DB05227	APD791	investigational	APD791 is an oral anti-thrombotic drug candidate being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial by Arena. APD791 is intended to lower the risk of arterial thrombosis by reducing the amplification of platelet aggregation, arterial constriction and intimal hyperplasia mediated by serotonin.		
DB05228	RDEA806	investigational	RDEA806 is a new HIV non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) with a high genetic barrier to resistance and a broad spectrum of activity.		
DB05229	Beraprost	investigational	Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury.		
DB05230	AC3056	investigational	AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.		
DB05232	Tetrodotoxin	investigational	An aminoperhydroquinazoline poison found mainly in the liver and ovaries of fishes in the order tetraodontiformes, which are eaten. The toxin causes paresthesia and paralysis through interference with neuromuscular conduction. Tetrodotoxin is being investigated by Wex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of chronic and breakthrough pain in advanced cancer patients as well as for the treatment of opioid dependence.		
DB05233	AP1081	investigational	A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.		
DB05234	LGD2941	investigational	LGD2941 is a non-steroidal, selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed jointly by Ligand and TAP.		
DB05235	NRP409	investigational	NRP409 is a triiodothyronine (T3) hormone, being investigated by New River Pharmaceuticals as a treatment for patients with primary hypothyroidism.		
DB05236	ReN001	investigational	ReN001 is a clonal human neural stem cell line developed for clinical use in the treatment of stable disability after stroke. ReN001 a strong candidate for one of the first cell-based IND applications to be submitted to the Food and Drug Administration in the United States for consideration for the treatment of stroke in humans.		
DB05237	rhMBL	investigational	rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL is a 400-700kDa oligomer made of 3 identical 32kDa peptide chains.MBL forms different oligomers but must form at least a tetramer to be active.		
DB05239	Cobimetinib	approved,investigational	Cobimetinib is an orally active, potent and highly selective small molecule inhibiting mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MAP2K1 or MEK1), and central components of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signal transduction pathway. It has been approved in Switzerland and the US, in combination with vemurafenib for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic BRAF V600 mutation-positive melanoma.		
DB05241	XL765	investigational	XL765 is an orally available small molecule that has been shown in preclinical studies to selectively inhibit the activity of phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3K) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). It is being developed by Exelixis, Inc.		
DB05242	NUC B1000	investigational	NUC B1000 is an expressed interfering RNA (eiRNA)- based product consisting of a plasmid DNA construct designed to produce four short interfering RNA (siRNA) molecules, formulated with a proprietary cationic-lipid delivery system. [F3910] eiRNA is an approach to RNAi therapeutics, whereby a plasmid DNA coding for desired dsRNA is delivered to diseased cells enabling the cells to carry out dsRNA production internally thereby invoking the RNAi response against a targeted disease causing gene. On January 11, 2008, it was announced that NUC B1000 was entering a phase 1 human safety study of its experimental treatment for chronic Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection.		
DB05243	XL019	investigational	XL019 is a selective inhibitor of the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase JAK2. An IND for XL019 was filed by Exelixis in May 2007.		
DB05244	G4544	investigational	G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite&trade; (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.		
DB05245	Silver sulfadiazine	approved,vet_approved	Silver sulfadiazine is a sulfa derivative topical antibacterial used primarily on second- and third-degree burns.		
DB05246	Methsuximide	approved	Mesuximide (or methsuximide) is an anticonvulsant medication. It is sold by Pfizer under the name Petinutin.		
DB05249	FavId	investigational	FavId, is an active immunotherapy that is based upon unique genetic information extracted from a patient's tumor.		
DB05252	Fenoxaprop-ethyl	investigational	Fenoxaprop-ethyl (organic nitrate combined with L-arginine), is an oral proprietary nitrate therapeutic shown to induce coronary vasodilation while overcoming the significant problem of drug tolerance. Fenoxaprop-ethyl has been investigated to treat chronic angina, the chest pain that occurs from inadequate blood flow to the coronary arteries around the heart.		
DB05253	Telapristone acetate	investigational	Telapristone acetate, an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.		
DB05254	Fibrinolysin	investigational	Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.		
DB05255	Ronacaleret	investigational	Ronacaleret is a calcium-sensing receptor antagonist.		
DB05257	Neocartilage	investigational	Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market.		
DB05258	Interferon alfa	investigational	Natural interferon alpha or Multiferon is obtained from the leukocyte fraction of human blood following induction with Sendai virus. Interferon alfa contains several naturally occurring IFN-α subtypes and is purified by affinity chromatography. Interferon alpha proteins are mainly involved in innate immune response against viral infection. They come in 13 subtypes that are called IFNA1, IFNA2, IFNA4, IFNA5, IFNA6, IFNA7, IFNA8, IFNA10, IFNA13, IFNA14, IFNA16, IFNA17, IFNA21. Multiferon consists of the 6 major subtypes are IFN-α1, IFN-α2, IFN-α8, IFN-α10, IFN-α14 and IFN-α21. Of these, IFN-α2 and IFN-α14 are glycosylated.		
DB05259	Glatiramer	approved,investigational	Glatiramer acetate consists of the acetate salts of synthetic polypeptides, containing four naturally occurring amino acids: L-glutamic acid, L-alanine, L-tyrosine, and L-lysine with an average molar fraction of 0.141, 0.427, 0.095, and 0.338, respectively. The average molecular weight of glatiramer acetate is 5,000-9,000 daltons.  It is an immunomodulator, licensed in much of the world for reduced frequency of relapses in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.		
DB05260	Gallium nitrate	approved,investigational	Gallium nitrate is a drug that is used to treat hyper-calcemia, or too much calcium in the blood. This condition may occur when individuals develop various types of cancer. Gallium nitrate is also known by the common brand name Ganite.		
DB05262	Oxypurinol	investigational	Oxypurinol, an inhibitor of xanthine oxidase, is a metabolite of allopurinol.		
DB05263	Caprospinol	investigational	Caprospinol (SP-233) is the first drug ever to demonstrate the correlation of clearing beta-amyloid from the brain. It also improves the brain histopathology and recovers memory function.		
DB05264	NPI 32101	investigational	NPI 32101 possesses both anti-inflammatory and broad spectrum antimicrobial activities. This combination of pharmacological properties may have additional therapeutic uses beyond dermatology.		
DB05265	Ecabet	investigational	Ecabet is a prescription eye drop for the treatment of dry eye syndrome. Ecabet represents a new class of molecules that increases the quantity and quality of mucin produced by conjunctival goblet cells and corneal epithelia. Mucin is a glycoprotein component of tear film that lubricates while retarding moisture loss from tear evaporation. Ecabet is currently marketed in Japan as an oral agent for treatment of gastric ulcers and gastritis.		
DB05266	Ibudilast	investigational	Ibudilast is an anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective oral agent which shows an excellent safety profile at 60 mg/day and provides significantly prolonged time-to-first relapse and attenuated brain volume shrinkage in patients with relapsing-remitting (RR) and/or secondary progressive (SP) multiple sclerosis (MS). Ibudilast is currently in development in the U.S. (codes: AV-411 or MN-166), but is approved for use as an antiinflammatory in Japan.		
DB05268	iCo-007	investigational	iCo-007 (formerly known as ISIS 13650) is a second generation antisense compound being developed by iCo for the treatment of various eye diseases caused by the formation of new blood vessels (angiogenesis) such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and diabetic retinopathy(DR).		
DB05271	Rotigotine	approved	Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998 Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights to Schwarz Pharma of Germany. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency in 2006 and by the FDA in 2007. However, all Neupro patches in the United States and some of Europe were recalled in 2008 due to delivery mechanism issues. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.		
DB05273	Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam	approved,investigational	Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is a radioactive medication used to treat pain caused by cancer that has spread to the bone. It is a radiopharmaceutical. Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive agents that may be used to diagnose some diseases by studying the function of the body's organs or to treat certain diseases.Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is used to help relieve the bone pain that may occur with certain kinds of cancer. The radioactive samarium is taken up in the bone cancer area and gives off radiation that helps provide relief of pain.		
DB05276	Hepatitis B Immune Globulin	approved,investigational	Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.		
DB05282	MCC	investigational	Mycobacterial Cell Wall-DNA Complex (MCC) is formulated from Mycobacterium phlei, a non-pathogenic strain of mycobacteria. MCC has been shown to have immune stimulatory and apoptosis (programmed cell death) activity against cancer cells. The product is a sterile biological composition in a sub-micron suspension. It is produced at the Bioniche manufacturing facility in Pointe-Claire, Quebec.		
DB05284	CA4P	investigational	CA4P (Combretastatin)has been shown in the laboratory to shut down the blood supply to tumours. It is one of the first vascular targeting drugs to be tested in patients. This drug was originally isolated from the African Bush Willow. The first studies in patients with this drug were aimed at finding out whether it can be safely given to patients, what side effects it produces and whether it can actually shut down the blood supply to human tumours.		
DB05285	SB-249553	investigational	SB-249553 is a vaccine that has MAGE-3 cancer antigen and the Adjuvant SBAS-2. It is also under by GlaxoSmithKline to treat melanoma and lung cancer.		
DB05288	Anecortave acetate	investigational	Anecortave acetate (Retaane) is an analog of cortisol acetate; among the modifications to the steroid are the removal of the 11ß hydroxyl OH group and an addition of a 21-acetate group. As a result of these modifications, anecortave acetate lacks the typical antiinflammatory and immunosuppressive properties of glucocorticoids.Alcon Inc. is developing and marketing Retaane.		
DB05289	Tarenflurbil	investigational	Tarenflurbil is an investigational drug that was studied in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease. It is a selective amyloid lowering agent (SALA) that reduces levels of the toxic peptide amyloid beta 42 (Aβ42) in cultured human cells and in animal models. Aβ42 is the primary initiator of neurotoxicity and amyloid plaque development in the brains of Alzheimer's disease patients. In June 2008 development of the drug for Alzheimer's disease was discontinued. Tarenflurbil has also been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer.		
DB05290	SPP 301	investigational	SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.		
DB05292	IDM-1	investigational	IDM-1 is IDM’s most advanced antibody-based Cell drug for the treatment of cancer. It is comprised of MAK(Monocytes-derived Activated Killer) cells associated with MDX-210, a bispecific anti-HER-2/neu antibody developed by Medarex Inc.		
DB05293	IDM-2	investigational	IDM-2 is composed of Monocyte-derived Activated Killer (MAK) cells. IDM produces MAK cells from the patient's own white blood cells by activating these cells ex vivo to allow them to recognize and destroy tumor cells.		
DB05294	Vandetanib	approved	Vandetanib is an oral once-daily kinase inhibitor of tumour angiogenesis and tumour cell proliferation with the potential for use in a broad range of tumour types.On April 6 2011, vandetanib was approved by the FDA to treat nonresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic medullary thyroid cancer in adult patients.		
DB05295	Eldecalcitol	investigational	Eldecalcitol  (ED-71), a vitamin D analog, is a more potent inhibitor of bone resorption than alfacalcidol in an estrogen-deficient rat model of osteoporosis. Eldecalcitol, effectively and safely increased lumbar and hip bone mineral density (BMD) in osteoporotic patients who also received vitamin D3 supplementation.		
DB05296	Motexafin lutetium	investigational	Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called lutetium texaphyrin. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties.		
DB05297	Paclitaxel docosahexaenoic acid	investigational	A combination of DHA (a natural fatty acid) and paclitaxel (an anticancer drug) being studied in the treatment of cancer. It is a type of mitotic inhibitor.		
DB05298	Tetomilast	investigational	Tetomilast has been used in trials studying the treatment of Crohn Disease, Colitis, Ulcerative, and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB05299	keyhole limpet hemocyanin	approved,investigational	keyhole limpet hemocyanin is an immune modulators, given as a vaccine to help the body respond to cancer. A natural protein isolated from the marine mollusc keyhole limpet. Keyhole limpet hemocyanin is an immunogenic carrier protein that, in vivo, increases antigenic immune responses to haptens and other weak antigens such as idiotype proteins.		
DB05300	PTI-801	investigational	PTI-801 represents a new class of drugs to treat pain. PTI-801 can minimize the opioid tolerance, dependence or addiction that is often associated with repeat use of oxycodone. It is a combination of oxycodone with ultralow-dose naltrexone, an opioid antagonist.		
DB05301	LAX-101	investigational	LAX-101 treats hungtington’s disease, not just the symptoms but the disease itself. The active molecule in LAX-101 is Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA). All molecules of EPA are identical. The molecules of EPA found in LAX-101 are identical to the molecules of EPA found in fish oil food supplements.		
DB05303	OMS-103HP	investigational	OMS103HP is the first drug being developed to improve joint function following arthroscopic surgery, one of the most common procedures performed today by orthopedic surgeons.		
DB05304	Girentuximab	investigational	Girentuximab is a monoclonal chimeric (mouse/human) antibody directed against carbonic anhydrase IX, an antigen expressed in 95% of clear cell renal cell carcinomas (RCC).		
DB05305	Cintredekin Besudotox	investigational	Cintredekin besudotox has been developed as a specific tumor-targeting agent, which is administered by positive-pressure convection-enhanced delivery (CED) directly to brain tissue at risk for residual infiltrating glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) after tumor resection. cintredekin besudotox is made from a human protein, Interleukin 13 (IL13), linked to a bacterial toxin, Pseudomonas exotoxin (PE). The IL13 portion binds to receptors on the tumor.		
DB05306	Alferminogene tadenovec	investigational	Alferminogene tadenovec, Cardium’s lead product candidate, is being developed for the potential treatment of myocardial ischemia that gives rise to angina symptoms associated with coronary heart disease. Alferminogene tadenovec represents a new therapeutic class of biologics designed to promote angiogenesis and thereby improve blood flow following a one-time intracoronary administration from a standard cardiac infusion catheter.		
DB05308	ANX-510	investigational	ANX-510 (CoFactor) is a folate-based biomodulator drug being developed to enhance the activity and reduce associated toxicity of the widely used cancer chemotherapy, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU). CoFactor use with 5-FU is being evaluated in clinical trials in first line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer.		
DB05309	TP-508	investigational	TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain.		
DB05310	FP-1096	investigational	FP1096 reduced the painful symptoms of endometriosis in trial subjects with very minimal side effect.		
DB05311	Ecallantide	approved,investigational	Ecallantide is a potent and selective human plasma kallikrein inhibitor that is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of hereditary angioedema. Ecallantide is a recombinant 60-amino-acid protein produced in _Pichia pastoris_ yeast cells that contains three intramolecular disulfide bonds [FDA Label]. It was discovered by phage display technology [A32017]. It shares sequence similarities with the naturally occurring human protein tissue-factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI), which is also known lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor (LACI) [L1458]. The amino acid sequence of two compounds differ by seven amino acids [L1458]. Ecallantide works by blocking kallikrein to participate in the kallikrein-kinin system, which is a complex proteolytic cascade that initiates inflammatory and coagulation pathways [FDA Label]. The protease plasma kallikerin facilitates the conversion of kininogen to bradykinin, which is a pro-inflammatory vasodilator that  increases vascular permeability and induces pain [A3362]. Hereditary angioedema is a rare autosomal dominant disorder with mutations to C1-esterase-inhibitor (C1-INH) located on Chromosome 11q, resulting in substantially lower levels of C4 and C1-INH activity [FDA Label]. The disorder is associated with recurrent attacks of severe swelling and is thought to be caused by unregulated activity of kallikrein and excessive bradykinin production [FDA Label]. By reversibly binding to plasma kallikrein, ecallantide displays a rapid on-rate and a slow off-rate that results in high affinity inhibition in the picomolar range [L1458]. Ecallantide is marketed by FDA and EMA under the trade name Kalbitor for subcutaneous injection. Apart from its FDA and EMA indication, ecallantide has been used off label in the management of nonhistaminergic angioedema, not due to HAE [A32017].		
DB05312	NVS antibody	investigational	This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.		
DB05313	MP4	investigational	MP4 is a hemoglobin-based oxygen carrier designed to serve as an alternative for blood transfusions. It is free of harmful vasoactivity and provides targeted oxygen delivery to tissues at risk of oxygen deprivation.		
DB05315	MC-1	investigational	Medicure's MC-1 drug is a cardio-protectant, designed to reduce the damage to the heart when arteries are blocked and when they are subsequently reopened after bypass surgery.		
DB05316	Pimavanserin	approved,investigational	Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis. It is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication and is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.		
DB05317	TAK-475	investigational	TAK-475 is a "squalene synthase inhibitor", a type of cholesterol-lowering drug that has not yet been brought to market.		
DB05319	Oportuzumab monatox	investigational	VB4-845 is studied in the treatment of certain types of head and neck cancer. VB4-845 is made by linking a monoclonal antibody fragment to a toxic protein that may kill cancer cells. VB4-845 is a fusion protein containing humanized scFv specific for the epithelial cell adhesion molecule, Ep-CAM, a tumor cell-associated target highly expressed on carcinoma cells of epithelial origin and a truncated portion of Pseudomonas exotoxin A.		
DB05320	ATG-Fresenius S	investigational	ATG-Fresenius S is a concentrated anti-human T-lymphocyte immunoglobulin preparation derived from rabbits after immunization with a T-lympoblast cell line. ATG-Fresenius S is an immunosuppressive product for the prevention and treatment of acute rejection following organ transplantation.		
DB05321	PEG-uricase	investigational	PEG-uricase, a polyethylene glycol ("PEG") conjugate of recombinant porcine uricase (urate oxidase), which breaks down the uric acid deposits is being studied in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of severe, treatment-refractory gout in the United States in 2006.		
DB05322	INGN 201	investigational	INGN 201(Advexin) is a replication-impaired adenoviral vector that carries the p53 gene, has been evaluated in both preclinical and clinical trials. Advexin is a well-tolerated and efficacious treatment for numerous cancers, both as monotherapy and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy agents.		
DB05325	INGN 225	investigational	INGN 225 is a therapeutic consisting of a cancer patient's own immune cells treated with an adenovector carrying the human p53 gene, Ad-p53.  INGN 225 is currently in Phase 1/2 trials in patients with small cell lung cancer and breast cancer.		
DB05326	INKP-102	investigational	INKP-102 is the next generation sodium phosphate tablet designed to aid bowl preparation before colonoscopy.		
DB05327	Ranirestat	investigational	Ranirestat  is a structurally novel and stereospecifically potent aldose reductase (AKR1B; EC 1.1.1.21) inhibitor, which contains a succinimide ring that undergoes ring-opening at physiological pH levels. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mild to Moderate Diabetic Sensorimotor Polyneuropathy.		
DB05328	VGV-1	investigational	VGV-1 is a  potential salvage therapy for treatment of HIV infected people who have failed anti-retroviral therapy.		
DB05329	MDX-1379	investigational	MDX-1379 vaccine consists of two gp100 melanoma peptides. This drug is underinvestigation to treat malignant melanoma.		
DB05330	ALTU-135	investigational	ALTU-135, the Company's orally administered enzyme replacement therapy for patients with pancreatic insufficiency, is manufactured by blending three drug substance enzymes: lipase, protease and amylase. This consistent and pure enzyme combination is designed to improve fat, protein and carbohydrate absorption in pancreatic insufficient individuals. ALTU-135 has been granted orphan drug and fast-track designation as well as CMA Pilot 2 program status by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).		
DB05332	Romiplostim	approved	Romiplostim is a thrombopoiesis stimulating dimer Fc-peptide fusion protein (peptibody) to increase platelet production through activation of the thrombopoietin receptor. The peptibody molecule has two identical single-chain subunits, each one is made up of 269 amino acid residues. Each subunit consists of an IgG1 Fc carrier domain that is covalently attached to a polypeptide sequence that contains two binding domains to interact with thrombopoietin receptor c-Mpl. Each domain consists of 14 amino acids. Interestingly, romiplostim's amino acid sequence is not similar to that of endogenous thrombopoietin. Romiplostim is produced by recombinant DNA technology in Escherichia coli. FDA approved on August 22, 2008.		
DB05333	TC-5231	investigational	TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine.		
DB05336	Obiltoxaximab	approved	Obiltoxaximab, an affinity-enhanced monoclonal antibody (Mab), is used for prevention and treatment of infection and death caused by anthrax toxin. Obiltoxaximab is a chimeric IgG1 kappa monoclonal antibody (mAb) that binds the PA component of B. anthracis toxin. It has an approximate molecular weight of 148 kDa.		
DB05337	SOT-107	investigational	SOT-107 is a drug that is a combination of a protein called transferrin and a poison called diphtheria toxin. This drug treat for a type of brain cancer called a high grade glioma brain tumour.  About half of all brain tumours are gliomas.		
DB05339	MN-305	investigational	MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD).		
DB05340	ATL-2502	investigational	ATL-2502(Colal-Pred) is an old drug (prednisolone metasulphobenzoate, a steroid) with a new delivery system that releases the medication only in the colon. Releasing the drug directly into the colon reduces the potential for significant side effects often experienced with steroid drugs. Colal-Pred is being studied for use in ulcerative colitis.		
DB05343	Arundic acid	investigational	Arundic acid has been investigated for the treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS).		
DB05344	Ciliary neurotrophic factor	investigational	Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.		
DB05345	SO-101	investigational	SO-101(Silenor) is a low-dose oral tablet formulation of doxepin hydrochloride that is patent protected for its use in insomnia. Doxepin has been prescribed for more than 40 years for the treatment of depression and anxiety at dosages typically ranging from 75 mg to 300 mg per day.		
DB05346	WL-1002	investigational	WL-1002 is developed by Winston Laboratories which is a topical cream formulation of 075% zucapaicin (also known as civamide), for the treatment of pain due to osteoarthritis.		
DB05351	Dexlansoprazole	approved,investigational	Dexlansoprazole is a new generation proton pump inhibitor (PPI) used for the management of symptoms associated with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and erosive esophagitis. Dexlansoprazole is the R-enantiomer of [DB00448], which is composed of a racemic mixture of the R- and S-enantiomers. Compared to the older generation of PPIs (which includes [DB00213], [DB00338], and [DB00448]) [A178084], dexlansoprazole MR has a unique pharmacokinetic profile due to its delayed-release and dual-delivery release system. The active ingredient is released in two phases at different pH values and at different time points, resulting in two peak concentrations in the blood; 25% of the dose is released at pH 5.5 in the proximal duodenum, while the remaining 75% is released at pH 6.75 in the distal small intestine [A19567]. As a result, dexlansoprazole has a peak concentration within 1-2 hours after dosing and another within 4-5 hours [FDA Label]. Dexlansoprazole's unique pharmacokinetics addresses limitations of the older generation PPIs including short plasma half-life, break-through symptoms, and need for meal-associated dosing [A19568]. These characteristics make dexlansoprazole a good option for people who struggle with adherence and strict dosage timing before meals[A178087, A19566]. Dexlansoprazole exerts its stomach acid-suppressing effects in the same way as other drugs in the PPI family by inhibiting the final step in gastric acid production. Dexlansoprazole targets the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme, which is involved in the secretion of hydrochloric acid through the exchange of H+ ions from the cytoplasm for K+ ions. Normally functioning (H+, K+)-ATPase stimulates hydrochloric acid secretion into the gastric lumen thereby increasing stomach acidity and lowering pH. Once absorbed into circulation, dexlansoprazole covalently binds to the sulfhydryl groups of cysteines found on the (H+, K+)-ATPase enzyme at the secretory surface of gastric parietal cells, which leads to inhibition of both basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion. Despite dexlansoprazole's unique pharmacokinetic profile, efficacy in management of GERD symptoms is considered similar to other medications within the PPI class including [DB00338], [DB00736], [DB00448], [DB00213], and [DB01129].Due to their good safety profile and as several PPIs are available over the counter without a prescription, their current use in North America is widespread. Long term use of PPIs such as dexlansoprazole have been associated with possible adverse effects, however, including increased susceptibility to bacterial infections (including gastrointestinal _C. difficile_), reduced absorption of micronutrients including iron and B12, and an increased risk of developing hypomagnesemia and hypocalcemia which may contribute to osteoporosis and bone fractures later in life [A177571]. PPIs such as dexlansoprazole have also been shown to inhibit the activity of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase (DDAH), an enzyme necessary for cardiovascular health. DDAH inhibition causes a consequent accumulation of the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), which is thought to cause the association of PPIs with increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with unstable coronary syndromes [A177577, A177580]. Dexlansoprazole doses should be slowly lowered, or tapered, before discontinuing as rapid discontinuation of PPIs such as dexlansoprazole may cause a rebound effect and a short term increase in hypersecretion [A177574].		
DB05352	Fx-1006A	investigational	Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).		
DB05353	CMC 001	investigational	CMC 001 is an orally administered MRI contrast agent in development for enhancement of the liver, bile ducts and gastrointestinal tract.		
DB05361	SR-123781A	investigational	SR-123781A  is a synthetic hexadecasaccharide Factor IIa and Xa antagonist.  It is under investigation by Sanofi-Aventis and Organon for the treatment of thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes (ACS).		
DB05362	SSR-126517E	investigational	SSR-126517E is a second generation synthetic pentasaccharide that binds antithrombin with such high affinity that it assumes a plasma half-life of 80 hours.		
DB05363	LIC-477	investigational	LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity.		
DB05364	ROX-888	investigational	ROX-888 is ROXRO's lead compound  which is currently in Phase 3 trials for the treatment of acute pain, including post-operative pain.		
DB05367	Actelion-1	investigational	Actelion-1 is a tissue-targeting Endothelin Receptor Antagonist that has been discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals.		
DB05368	Ragweed pollen extract	approved,investigational	Ragweed pollen extract has been developed by Curalogic. The company has initiated a phase III trial with its product for oral immunotherapy of ragweed allergy. While traditional disease-modifying immunotherapeutics are administered by subcutaneous injection, Curalogic has developed a more convenient orally administered drug.		
DB05369	HZT-501	investigational	HZT-501 is under investigation by Horizon Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biopharmaceutical company. It has entered Phase 3 clinical trials in March 2007 for reduction of the risk of development of ibuprofen-associated upper gastrointestinal (i.e., gastric and/or duodenal) ulcers. HZT-501 is a combination product including ibuprofen and the acid reducing agent famotidine.		
DB05371	ACR-16	investigational	ACR-16 is under investigation by NeuroSearch. ACR16 has been successfully investigated in a Phase II multi-centre, randomised and placebo-controlled trial in patients with Huntington’s disease as well as in three Phase Ib studies within Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and schizophrenia respectively. ACR-16 is a dopamine stabilizer. ACR-16 is also being studied in other psychiatric and neurologic diseases.		
DB05374	Rindopepimut	investigational	Rindopepimut (CDX-110) is an injectable peptide cancer vaccine which targets a mutant protein called EGFRvIII present in about 25% to 30% of glioblastoma cases. The vaccine consists of the EGFRv3-specific peptide (a 13-amino acid mutant vIII epitope) conjugated to the non-specific immunomodulator keyhole limpet hemocyanin (KLH). The US FDA granted it Breakthrough Therapy Designation for glioblastoma in Feb 2015.		
DB05377	Chlorfenson	investigational	Chlorfenson is developed by Moberg Derma for the treatment of onychomycosis (nail fungus) as the primary indication.		
DB05380	DOTMP HO-166	investigational	DOTMP HO-166 is used in skeletal targeted radiotherapy (STR). SRT is designed to be used in combination with high-dose chemotherapy producing a direct therapeutic effect on the tumor sites in the bone plus a general bone-marrow effect to destroy myeloma cells in the bone marrow. It is an experimental therapy that is being developed by NeoRx Corporation.		
DB05381	Histamine	approved,investigational	A depressor amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of histidine. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter.		
DB05382	Iodine	approved,investigational	Iodine is commonly used as an antiseptic for minor cuts and abrasions, preventing infections that may result from contaminated wounds. Additionally, iodine has been studied in the treatment of fibrocystic disease and breast cancer.[A3413,A192153,A192156,A192159]		
DB05383	Pimagedine	investigational	Pimagedine has been developed by Synvista Therapeutics, Inc for the treatment of diabetic kidney disease. It is an advanced glycation end product inhibitor which manages diabetic nephropathy, either alone or in combination with other therapies. It is beneficial in treating patients with diabetic nephropathy.		
DB05384	Carbopol 974P	investigational	Carbopol 974P is a highly carboxylated polymer composed of lightly cross-linked polyacrylic acid with a broad-spectrum mechanism based on acidification of pathogens. It was under development by ReProtect LLC. It is a gel that may help both block the spread of sexually transmitted diseases and reduce unwanted pregnancies. The compound, known as BufferGel, was in advanced clinical trials for its ability to prevent pregnancy, but was discontinued.		
DB05385	PRO 2000	investigational	PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.		
DB05386	Regramostim	investigational	Regramostim (GM-CSF) is a differentially glycosylated factor produced mainly by activated T cells and macrophages. Endothelial cells and fibroblasts can also produce GM-CSF after exposure to TNF-α, IL-1, IL-2 and IFN-γ. GM-CSF is found associated with extracellular matrix and in membrane-bound formats too. GM-CSF stimulates proliferation, activation and differentiation of macrophages and granulocytes and their progenitors.		
DB05387	AE-941	investigational	AE-941 is a naturally occurring anti-angiogenic compound, extracted from cartilage, with multiple anti-angiogenic mechanisms of action that provide broad therapeutic potential for a number of diseases. It is currently in international Phase III trials for renal cell carcinoma and non-small-cell lung cancer.		
DB05389	Tetrachlorodecaoxide	approved,investigational	WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.		
DB05390	INS 316	investigational	INS316 belongs to the family of drugs called nucleoside triphosphates.It is studied in the diagnosis of lung diseases, including lung cancer. It is selective P2y2 receptor antagonists claimed to be useful as anti-inflammatory agents.		
DB05391	liposomal prostaglandin E1	investigational	Liposome-encapsulated form of prostaglandin E1 (Liprostin) is known to be a potent vasodilator and platelet inhibitor as well as an anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic agent. The liposomal formulation of PGE-1 changes the drug’s dynamics and improve its therapeutic index in ways that PGE-1 alone could not achieve.		
DB05393	NOV-002	investigational	NOV-002, the lead compound acts as a chemoprotectant and an immunomodulator, in combination with chemotherapy. NOV-002 is approved and marketed in the Russian Fereration by Pharma BAM under the trade name Glutoxim. It has been administered to over 10,000 patients, demonstrating clinical efficacy and excellent safety data.		
DB05394	Corticorelin	investigational	Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.		
DB05395	Amibegron	investigational	Amibegron is an agonist for atypical beta3-adrenoceptors which inhibits intestinal motility.		
DB05396	Albinterferon Alfa-2B	investigational	Albumin-interferon alpha (Albuferon) is a novel, long-acting form of interferon alpha. Recombinant interferon alpha is approved for the treatment of hepatitis C, hepatitis B, and a broad range of cancers. Human Genome Sciences modified interferon alpha to improve its pharmacological properties by using the company's proprietary albumin fusion technology. Human Genome Sciences is developing Albuferon as a potential treatment for chronic hepatitis C. The drug was under investigation as an alternative to pegylated IFN-α-2a for the treatment of hepatitis C. In response to an FDA ruling, Novartis and Human Genome Sciences announced on October 5, 2010 that they ceased development of the drug.		
DB05398	C31G	investigational	C31G is a potent broad spectrum antimicrobial agent, effective against gram positive and gram negative bacteria, yeast and fungi.C31G, vaginal gel is developed by Biosyn Inc. and has commenced enrollment in a phase III pivotal clinical trial for the reduction of sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).		
DB05399	Succinobucol	investigational	AGI-1067, is a novel small molecule with anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that was discovered by AtheroGenics and designed to treat atherosclerosis of the blood vessels of the heart, or coronary artery disease.		
DB05400	QS-21	investigational	QS-21 is an investigational adjuvant, which is a substance added to vaccines and other immunotherapies that is designed to enhance the body’s immune response to the antigen contained within the treatment. It is the leading member of the Stimulon family of adjuvants. As a vaccine additive, it is currently being evaluated in clinical trials in a variety of disease areas by Antigenics.		
DB05403	CEP-1347	investigational	CEP-1347 is a semi-synthetic compound shown to protect multiple nerve cell types from a variety of insults leading to programmed cell death (apoptosis) which could improve the survival of dopamine neurons prior to and after transplantation.		
DB05404	AZD 3355	investigational	AZD 3355 is a reflux inhibitor used for the treatment of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease. It is developed by AstraZeneca  and is currently in phase I/II trials.		
DB05405	XTL-001	investigational	XTL001 is an investigational monoclonal antibody (MAb) product developed by XTL Biopharmaceuticals to evaluate the safety profile and antiviral activity of the compound in patients chronically infected with hepatitis B virus (HBV).		
DB05406	GTI-2501	investigational	GTI-2501 is a novel antisense drug which has shown a favorable safety profile in preclinical studies, and in a phase I clinical trial. The drug is in a phase II clinical trial in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of hormone refractory prostate cancer. Initial testing has demonstrated strong antitumor activity in preclinical studies in prostate cancer and a variety of other tumor types.		
DB05407	TBC-3711	investigational	TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.		
DB05408	Emricasan	investigational	Emricasan is the first caspase inhibitor tested in human which has received orphan drug status by FDA. It is developed by Pfizer and made in such a way that it protects liver cells from excessive apoptosis.		
DB05409	NCX 701	investigational	Nitroparacetamol (NCX-701) is a newly synthesized nitric oxide-releasing derivative of paracetamol.		
DB05410	NCX 1022	investigational	NCX is an NO-releasing derivative of hydrocortisone.		
DB05411	VB2-011	investigational	VB2-011 is an antibody developed as an anti-cancer treatment. According to some preclinical studies, it has a potential to inhibit tumour growth in various cancers including lymphoma and melanoma. This drug includes the parent IgM (H11 IgM) and a recombinant IgG version (H11 IgG).		
DB05412	Talmapimod	investigational	Talmapimod is the first-generation oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor developed by Scios. It has shown to be effective to cure inflammatory diseases such as Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB05413	Tifuvirtide	investigational	Tifuvirtide is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing.		
DB05414	Pipendoxifene	investigational	ER modulator, ERA-923(Pipendoxifene) is a estrogen receptor modulator being evaluated for the treatment of breast cancer. Pipendoxifene is a new 2-phenyl indole selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM )that exhibits an excellent preclinical pharmacological profile and was selected for further development as a treatment for metastatic breast cancer.		
DB05415	OSI-461	investigational	OSI-461 is a second-generation molecule belonging to a new class of drugs termed selective apoptotic anti-neoplastic drugs (SAANDs).		
DB05416	Cardarine	investigational	Cardarine (GW-501516) is a peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor-delta agonist for the potential treatment of dyslipidemia. Cardarine has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity, Lipid Disorders, and Cardiovascular Disease.		
DB05417	GW 468816	investigational	GW 468816 is glycine receptor antagonist. It is designed to aid abstinence in people who have just quit smoking, delaying the time to relapse. It was undergoing phase II trials since December 2003.		
DB05418	GW 597599	investigational	GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.		
DB05419	ADX-10061	investigational	ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.		
DB05420	Gallium maltolate	investigational	Gallium maltolate is Titan’s novel oral agent in development for the potential treatment of chronic bacterial infections, bone disease and cancer.		
DB05421	CP-122721	investigational	CP-122721, neurokinin 1 (NK1) antagonist is developed by Pfizer to treat depression, emesis, and inflammatory diseases including asthma and irritable bowel syndrome.		
DB05422	OPC-14523	investigational	OPC-14523 is an antidepressant drug developed by Otsuka America Pharmaceutical.		
DB05423	ORG-34517	investigational	ORG-34517 is currently under  investigation by Organon for the treatment of depression. It has potential to treat a number of diseases such as Cushing’s disease, hypertension, diabetes, glaucoma etc, in which the activity of metabolites corticosterone and cortisol is high.		
DB05424	Canertinib	investigational	Canertinib is a pan-erbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor which work against esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Canertinib treatment significantly affects tumour metabolism, proliferation and hypoxia as determined by PET.		
DB05426	Talactoferrin alfa	investigational	Talactoferrin alfa is a novel immunomodulatory 80 kD protein with demonstrated oral anti-tumor properties. Lactoferrin, a protein found in breast milk is developed by Agennix. It increases body’s immune power and also works as a natural antioxidant, helping to control cell and tissue damage caused by oxidation.		
DB05427	IDD-3	investigational	IDD-3 is a therapeutic specific immunostimulant developed by IDM Pharma in partnership with sanofi-aventis. It consists of mature dendritic cells loaded with lysates from melanoma tumor cell lines. It includes Dendritophages that are dendritic cells, a type of specialized immune cells derived from the patient's own white blood cells.		
DB05428	Motexafin gadolinium	investigational	Motexafin gadolinium is studied in the treatment of cancer by Pharmacyclics. It may make tumor cells more sensitive to radiation therapy, improve tumor images using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and kill cancer cells. It belongs to the family of drugs called metalloporphyrin complexes. Also called gadolinium texaphyrin.		
DB05429	CAT-213	investigational	CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB05430	VLTS-589	investigational	VLTS-589 consists of plasmid encoding the angiomatrix protein Del-1 in conjunction with poloxamer 188 for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.		
DB05431	MLN-977	investigational	MLN-977 is a small molecule compound that inhibits the production of leukotrienes, especially 5-lipoxygenase. It is developed by PharmaEngine to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.		
DB05432	DAS-431 IV	investigational	DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc.		
DB05433	rGLP-1	investigational	rGLP-1 is a continuous infusion of glucagon-like peptide 1, or GLP-1, targeted for the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF) in patients ineligible for transplant. GLP-1 is a naturally occurring hormone produced in the intestines in response to food intake.		
DB05434	ABT-510	investigational	ABT-510 is peptide mimetics of thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1), block angiogenesis in vitro and in vivo and slow tumor growth. It is developed by Abbott Laboratories for the treatment of Solid Tumors, Lymphoma and Melanoma.		
DB05437	NAV 1800	investigational	RIGScan CR49, a 125I-labelled CR monoclonal antibody directed against the tumour-associated antigen TAG-72, is undergoing development with Neoprobe for the intraoperative detection of metastatic colorectal cancer.		
DB05438	IDM-4	investigational	IDM-4 is an immuno-designed molecule that completed phase I/II of investigation for the treatment of Leukemia. It is a monoclonal antibody-specific antigen that can selectively target cancer-affected cells by coupling with tumor cell-killing MAK cells, which are derived from the patient's own monocytes. Trials of this drug have most likely been discontinued by the manufacturer.		
DB05439	IDD-1	investigational	Lipids promote the fusion of liposomes to cells. Eladem (IDD-1) is a therapeutic vaccine consisting of dendritophages that are loaded in vitro with tumor antigens and then reinjected into the subject. As with other monoclonal antibodies, this process stimulates an immune response to a particular disease-related antigen.		
DB05440	SRP 299	investigational	SRP 299 is a preparation of killed Mycobacterium vaccae that has been tested in uses related to inhibiting periodontal disease, in treating asthma and in treating eczema, itching and inflammation. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity. A specific subset of serotonergic neurons in the interfascicular part of the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRI) is believed to be involved, based on studies with mice.		
DB05441	AVAC	investigational	AVAC is derived from M. vaccae. It has been tested in uses related to asthma and in treating eczema and atopic dermatitis.Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity.		
DB05442	Etiprednol dicloacetate	investigational	Etiprednol dicloacetate (BNP-166) is a soft corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory properties that has been indicated in the treatment of asthma and Chron's disease. Anti-asthmatic effects were associated with decreased cytokine production in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated lymphocytes and attenuated lectin-induced proliferation of blood mononuclear cells in tissue culture.		
DB05443	ADL 10-0101	investigational	ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.		
DB05444	Iroxanadine	investigational	BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.		
DB05445	TA-NIC	investigational	TA-NIC is a novel and proprietary vaccine in development as an aid to quitting smoking in motivated patients. It is designed to raise anti-nicotine antibodies which bind to nicotine molecules in the patient's blood stream, reducing the rate and quantity of nicotine entry into the brain, to reduce the addictive reward associated with smoking.		
DB05446	LJP 1082	investigational	LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.		
DB05447	AVI-4557	investigational	AVI-4557 is an oral antisense compound that selectively inhibits the metabolic enzyme cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP), a liver enzyme responsible for the metabolism or breakdown of approximately half of currently marketed drugs. Studies indicate that AVI-4557 can successfully reduce the rate of metabolism for certain drugs, therefore allowing greater and longer availability of the drug in the patient's system through a decrease in clearance and an increase in maximal blood concentration (Cmax). AVI-4557 is therefore indicated to limit toxicity for patients receiving highly-toxic therapeutic drugs for treatment of anxiety, cancer, and a number of other serious conditions.		
DB05448	PX-12	investigational	PX-12 (1-methylpropyl 2-imidazolyl disulfide) is a small-molecule inhibitor of Trx-1 (thioredoxin-1), stimulates apoptosis, down-regulates HIF-1α and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and inhibits tumor growth in animal models. Since high levels of Trx-1 have been associated with colorectal, gastric and lung cancers, PX-12 is indicated as a potential cancer treatment in combination with chemotherapy for  patients with advanced metastatic cancer. Initial trials correlated doses of Px-12 with increased patient survival.		
DB05449	FM-VP4	investigational	FM-VP4, is a novel hydrophilic phytostanol analogue representing a new class in cholesterol-lowering drugs called cholesterol absorption inhibitors. FM-VP4 has been shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption and to lower plasma LDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol in a broad range of animal species. Additional experiments suggest that FM-VP4 can reduce plasma LDL cholesterol levels and triglyceride levels, reduce weight gain and exert a anti-atherosclerosis effect.		
DB05450	Smilagenin	investigational	Smilagenin is a novel non-peptide, orally bioavailable neurotrophic factor inducer that readily reverses free radical neurotoxicity produced by 1-ethyl-4- phenylpyridium (MPP+) in dopaminergic neurones and reverses the decrease of neuronal growth factors and dopamine receptors in the brain. Pre-clinical work with smilagenin showed it to be neuroprotective against betya-amyloid and glutamate damage which contributes to Alzheimer's disease and reverses the changes in the area of the brain involved in Parkinson’s disease.P58 is a protein synthesis stimulant acts by restoring levels of proteins that are altered in the ageing brain, reversing the loss of nerve receptors in the ageing brain and potentially allowing for the regrowth of neural connections. P58 therefore provides a totally novel mode of action with potential importance for diseases associated with ageing of the brain. P58 is one of a family of phytochemicals isolated from traditional treatments for the elderly that have previously been shown to offer significant benefit in the treatment of senile dementia.		
DB05451	P54	investigational	P54 reduces the inflammation associated with cancer/tumors, Crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, osteoarthritis, and ulcerative colitis. It inhibits the induction of the enzyme NFkB, thereby inhibiting downstream inflammatory genes such as COX II and iNOS.		
DB05452	PH-284	investigational	PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.		
DB05454	Paliroden	investigational	Paliroden is an orally active neurotrophic, non-peptidic compound that activates synthesis of endogenous neurotrophines. Studies show that use of paliroden increased the rate of formation of both neural progenitors and mature neurons. It is indicated for use in Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson’s.		
DB05455	SR 121463	investigational	SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).		
DB05456	ETC-588	investigational	ETC-588, or LUV (large unilamellar vesicles), is made of naturally occurring lipids that circulate through arteries to facilitate the role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in removing accumulated cholesterol and other lipids from cells including those in the arterial wall. LUV are capable of transporting excess cholesterol from the vasculature to the liver for eventual elimination as part of the reverse lipid transport (RLT) pathway. It is believed that the removal of cholesterol by ETC-588 through this pathway may result in the reversal of atherosclerosis. Esperion is currently developing ETC-588 as a treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes.		
DB05457	OSI-7904L	investigational	OSI-7904L is a liposome encapsulated thymidylate synthase inhibitor, which is indicated for use in advanced gastric and/or gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma (A-G/GEJA). Current treatments also inhibit thymidylate synthase but the innovative lipid coating of OSI-7904L allows for more enduring results with administration of the TS inhibitor.		
DB05458	Pozanicline	investigational	ABT-089 is a neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that may have therapeutic utility for the treatment of several neurological disorders including Alzheimer, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorders. In radioligand binding studies, ABT-089 has shown selectivity toward the alpha4beta2 nAChR subtype as compared to the alpha7 and alpha1beta1deltagamma nAChR subtypes. Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) modulate the release of several important neurotransmitters, such as acetylcholine and dopamine.		
DB05459	Briakinumab	investigational	Briakinumab is a human anti-IL-12 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of a number of T-cell driven autoimmune diseases. It targets and neutralize interleukin-12 and interleukin-23, two proteins associated with inflammation, such as pro-inflammatory interleukins or tumor necrosis factor- alpha. Briakinumab represents a novel approach to treating psoriasis, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn’s Disease and other autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.  As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.		
DB05460	Ezatiostat	investigational	Ezatiostat is investigated in clinical trials for treating myelodysplastic syndrome. This compound belongs to the peptides. These are compounds containing an amide derived from two or more amino carboxylic acid molecules (the same or different) by formation of a covalent bond from the carbonyl carbon of one to the nitrogen atom of another. This medication is known to target Glutathione S-transferase P. Ezatiostat is a small molecule drug that is an analog inhibitor of glutathione S-transferase P1-1. It acts intracellularly on the MAPK signaling pathway by activating ERK2. Ezatiostat has myelostimulant activity in preclinical rodent models and human bone marrow cultures, and differentiates granulocytes and monocytes in HL60 cells. Ezatiostat is a candidate designed to stimulate the formation of bone marrow cells that are precursors to granulocytes and monocytes (white blood cells), erythrocytes (red blood cells) and platelets. Many conditions are characterized by depleted bone marrow, including myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), a form of pre-leukemia in which the bone marrow produces insufficient levels of one or more of the 3 major blood elements (white blood cells, red blood cells and platelets). It might also be relevant as an adjunct therapy since a reduction in blood cell levels is also a common, toxic effect of many standard chemotherapeutic drugs.		
DB05461	OPC-28326	investigational	At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.		
DB05462	Chlorotoxin I-131	investigational	Chlorotoxin I-131 is investigated in clinical trials for treating brain cancer. Chlorotoxin I-131 binds to and reduces the activity of a matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) that regulates functioning of the chloride channels on cell membranes. Chlorotoxin is a small 36-amino-acid peptide that selectively binds to glioma cells but not normal brain parenchyma. It is a synthetic version of a neurotoxin isolated from the venom of the Giant Yellow Israeli scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus. The synthetic version of this peptide has been manufactured and covalently linked to iodine 131 as a means of targeting radiation to tumor cells in the treatment of brain cancer. The selective effects of Chlorotoxin I-131 are regulated by its action on MMP2 receptors.		
DB05463	ISS-1018	investigational	ISS 1018 is a short, synthetic, unmethylated CpG oligodeoxynucleotide (CpG ODN) with immunostimulatory activity. ISS 1018 signals through Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) to induce the production of immunoglobulin by B cells and interferon (IFN) -alpha, IFN-beta, interleukin-12 (IL-12), and tumor necrosis factor - alpha (TNF-alpha) by plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDC). ISS 1018 CpG ODN promotes antigen presentation and co-stimulatory molecule expression. ISS 1018 is currently being investigated in combination with HBsAg vaccine as a prophylactic treatment for to prevent Hepatitis B in adults. It is also being investigated in combination with rituximab for treatment of b-cell or non-hodgkin's lymphoma.		
DB05464	NOX-700	investigational	NOX-700, an new orally active dithiocarbamate-based nitric oxide (NO) blocking agent that is in development for the treatment of diabetes mellitus (type 2 diabetes). In animal studies, NOX-700 lowered serum glucose, improved glucose tolerance, and reduced the percentage of total glycated hemoglobin. Immunohistochemical studies onpancreatic tissue also showed that NOX-700 therapy effectively preserved islet structure and increased insulin immunoreactivity. It has since been found that oxidative signaling of the redox-sensitive transcription factor, NF-κB, and inhibiting protein glycation are responsible for the drug's therapeutic effects.		
DB05465	Tandutinib	investigational	MLN518 is a novel, oral, small molecule designed to inhibit type III receptor tyrosine kinases, including FLT3, (platelet-derived growth-factor receptor) PDGFR and c-KIT. Tyrosine kinases are enzymes involved in several cellular processes and are known to be activated in cancer cells to drive tumor growth. AML patients with FLT3 mutations experience earlier disease relapse and shorter survival rates compared to patients without these mutations. Approximately 25 to 30 percent of all adult AML patients have a mutation of the FLT3 gene. The use of MLN518 to treat AML has been granted fast-track status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Phase I/II trials are underway.		
DB05466	R673	investigational	R673 is a novel NK1 antagonist that penetrates the blood-brain barrier, has excellent safety and tolerability and shows low P450-based drug interaction potential. The phase II program for treatment of depression and anxiety is ongoing in the US and EU.It is not clear how tachykinin antagonists exert their effect, but SP levels have been commonly linked to the functioning of limbic system with respect to anxiety and depression.		
DB05467	R667	investigational	R667 is an orally active, gamma selective retinoid agonist that shows promise as a treatment for emhysema, as it has, in animal models, promoted structural lung repair and functional improvement with fewer side effects. It is currently in Phase II Trials for emphysema secondary to alpha-1 antitrypsindeficiency.		
DB05468	R411	investigational	R411 is a non-steroid oral medicine for the treatment of asthma. It is not immunosuppressive, but blocks the activation and recruitment of cells involved in respiratory inflammation. It is a dual-acting competitive integrin antagonist (as compared to previously developed single integrin antagonists or SIAs) that prevents binding of V-CAM1 to either a4b1 or a4b7.		
DB05469	R450	investigational	R450 is an alpha 1 antagonist that acts to tighten the muscle tone in the bladder. It is being considered for treatment of stress-related urinary incontinence. Phase IIa data for the drug show it reduced the number of incontinent episodes compared to placebo with minimal cardiovascular effects.		
DB05470	VX-702	investigational	VX-702 is a small molecule investigational oral anti-cytokine therapy for treatment of inflammatory diseases, specifically rheumatoid arthritis (RA). It acts as a p38 MAP kinase inhibitor. In the future, VX-702 may be investigated for combination with methotrexate, a commonly used therapy for RA.		
DB05471	SGN-30	investigational	SGN-30 is an  engineered monoclonal antibody (mAb) that reacts with significant affinity to the CD30 antigen, which is highly expressed on a variety of hematologic malignancies as compared to on normal cells. SGN-30 has been shown to induce direct anti-cancer activity towards tumor cells expressing CD30 and is undergoing phase II trials for cancer therapy.  SGN-30 has demonstrated objective antitumor responses as a single agent in phase II clinical trials. We are collaborating with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on three clinical trials of SGN-30 in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma, front-line ALCL and pediatric ALCL.SGN-30 received orphan drug designation from the FDA in July 2003 for Hodgkin lymphoma and in February 2004 for T-cell lymphomas.		
DB05472	Human interferon omega-1	investigational	Human interferon omega 1 (IFN-omega 1 = IFN-alpha II1) is a recently discovered protein structurally related to IFN-alpha and -beta. It occurs naturally in the human body and is currently being manufactured by Intarcia through genetic engineering. There are multiple routes for administration of omega interferon:  injection, an implantable subcutaneous drug delivery system, and an oral formulation. It has been investigated both in single and combination treatment. The biological activities of IFN-omega 1 and its physiological role are not known to date.		
DB05473	QR-334	investigational	QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.		
DB05474	T487	investigational	T487 is a small molecule chemokine receptor antagonist to correct or modify immune system responses. It binds selectively and potently to CXCR3. The formulation is administered orally and has anti-inflammatory effects in conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and psoriasis.		
DB05475	Golotimod	investigational	SCV-07 (g -D-glutamyl-L-tryptophan) is a novel synthetic dipeptide that acts broadly on the Toll-like receptor pathway. It has been shown to stimulate T-lymphocyte differentiation, macrocytic phagocytosis,  and specific immune responses, and enhance IL-2 and INF-g production. Due to this preferential activation of Th1 cytokine production, SCV-07 may show utility in treatment of tuberculosis. It can be administered orally or subcutaneously. In independent studies, treatment of tuberculosis with SCV-07 improved clearance of mycobacteria, improved cavity healing, improvements in immune parameters and reduced symptoms (fever, weakness, sweating, dry cough, productive cough, dyspnea, chest pain, tachycardia) without any adverse local or general effects. SCV-07 has shown efficacy in treating various viral and bacterial infections.		
DB05476	WX-UK1	investigational	WX-UK1 is a 3-amidinophenylalanine-based non-cytotoxic small molecule that belongs to a new class of drugs. In animal models, WX-UK1 blocks tumor cell invasion, metastasis and primary tumor growth by inhibiting serine proteases and the urokinase Plasminogen Activator (uPA) system, which have been shown to play a key role in metastasis and primary tumor growth of breast, gastric, colon cancer, and various other solid tumors. Independent studies show that administration of Wx-UK1 resulted in a decrease of tumor cell invasion, suggesting its efficacy as a an adjuvant antimetastatic therapy of carcinomas.		
DB05477	MUC1 Dendritic Cell Vaccine	investigational	Dendritic Cell (DC) Therapy is a newly emerging and potent form of immune therapy that amplifies the actions of the body's own immune system to help fight cancer, AIDS and other serious conditions. The Dendritic Cell is an immune cell whose role is the recognition, processing and presentation of foreign antigens to the T-cells to initiate a primary response in the effector arm of the immune system. Dendritic cells not only activate lymphocytes to induce the immune response, but they also minimize autoimmune reactions by downplaying self-antigens to stimulated T-cells. Dendritic Cell Therapy involves the harvesting of blood cells (ie monocytes or macrophages) from a patient and processing them in the laboratory to produce a greater than typical Dendritic Cell concentration. These cells are then given back to a patient as a vaccine in order to allow for a potent immune response to cancer.		
DB05478	Pradefovir mesylate	investigational	Pradefovir mesilate (previously known as MB-06886, Hepavir B and remofovir mesylate) is an orally administered small molecule compound that belongs to a novel series of phosphate and phosphonate prodrugs of adefovir. [Adefovir] (Hepsera) is an acyclic phosphonate analogue of adenine that is used to treat hepatitis B virus. As adefovir is poorly absorbed and associated with a high level of nephrotoxicity, pradefovir mesilate was designed to specifically target the liver and reduce risks to external tissue, especially the kidneys, while improving results of adefovir.Pradefovir is activated through oxidation that is mediated by cytochrome P-450 (CYP) 3A4, which is predominantly expressed in the liver. The novel prodrug is highly stable in both plasma and tissues and demonstrated potent preclinical and clinical anti-HBV activity. Pradefovir is undergoing phase II development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B.		
DB05479	CZEN 002	investigational	CZEN-002 is a novel, non-azole anti-fungal synthetic octapeptide, derived from alpha-Melanocyte-Stimulating Hormone (a-MSH). CZEN-002 modulates inflammatory and immune responses. It has also been shown to kill Candida albicans (C. albicans), a single-celled fungal organism that causes a variety of infections, including vaginitis. This organism can invade tissues and produce fatal infections in individuals with compromised immune systems such as those suffering from HIV/AIDS or undergoing organ or bone transplants. The antimicrobial activity of CZEN-002 is unique in that it does not depend on direct damage to the microbial membrane. It appears that CZEN-002 works on a receptor in yeast that has yet to be identified. Studies attempting to understand the candidacidal activity of derivatives of alpha-MSH have focused on the alpha-MSH amino acid sequence (6-13), which contains the invariant core sequence His-Phe-Arg-Trp (6-9) that is important for binding to the known melanocortin receptors. A second focus was on the sequence Lys-Pro-Val (11-13) that is known to be important for antimicrobial activity.		
DB05480	PBI-1402	investigational	PBI-1402 is a small molecule synthetic compound with oralBioavailability. The compound activates neutrophils, enhancing their survival and activation with comparable efficacy to GM-CSF, G-CSF and EPO, which are currently used to treat anemia. However, it has been shown that when co-administered with these compounds, effects are additive, making PBI-1402 an excellent candidate for combination therapy and asserting its independent mechanism of action. PBI-1402 appears to work on the PMN pathway, but its specific binding properties are not known. PBI-1402 has a dual therapeutic action; as a chemoprotectant and hematopoietic progenitor stimulator. Since it stimulates immune activity, it has been considered as a candidate for cancer treatment as well as anemia.		
DB05481	Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin	investigational	Alpha 1-antitrypsin is a glycoprotein primarily produced by hepatocytes, and to a lesser extent, immune system cells. Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin (rAAT) is produced from yeast, which unlike commercially available forms of plasma-derived AAT, eliminates the risk associated with blood-borne infectious agents and allows for a increased manufacturing.  rAAT belongs to a family of structurally-related proteins classified as serine protease inhibitors or SERPINS, which are known to inhibit several proteases including trypsin, cathepsin G, thrombin, tissue kallikrein, as well as neutrophil elastase. The proteinase/antiproteinase balance is believed to be important for maintaining healthy skin. The rAAT topical gel (Dermolastin™) is indicated for patients with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis. The company has indicated that other formulations for gastroenterological and urological indications will also be developed.		
DB05482	7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin	investigational	7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN 38) is a liposomal formulation of the active metabolite of Irinotecan [DB00762],  a chemotherapeutic pro-drug approved for the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer. SN 38 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Advanced Solid Tumors, Small Cell Lung Cancer, Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer, among others.	Irinotecan Metabolism Pathway,Irinotecan Action Pathway	
DB05483	PCL-016	investigational	PCL-016  or Picolinic acid drug substance is a pyridine carboxylate metabolite of tryptophan. It acts as an anti-infective and immunomodulator and is produced in approximately 25-50 mg quantities by the body on a daily basis through the breakdown of tryptophan. PCL-016 plays a key role in zinc transport. As a therapeutic agent, the molecule works by binding to zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) in a way that changes their structures and disrupts zinc binding, inhibiting function. ZFPs are involved in viral replication and packaging as well as normal cell homeostatic functions. Picolinic acid has been shown to be an anti-viral in vitro and in vivo, and sometimes works in conjunction with other cytokines such as interferon gamma to affect immune responses. Acne vulgaris, herpes and other viral infections therefore pose potential therapeutic targets of PCL-016.		
DB05484	MDX-018	investigational	MDX-018, also known as HuMax-Inflam, is a fully human antibody that is directed to IL-8 (interleukin-8) and may have potential application in oncology and inflammation. Trials will initially focus on studies to treat glioblastoma, a cancer of the central nervous system. Other possible indications include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and pustular dermatoses. In pre-clinical studies, HuMax-Inflam has been shown to inhibit tumor growth in tumor models using primary human tumors in immunodeficient mice. HuMax-Inflam was also effective in reducing disease activity in palmoplantar pustulosis patients in a clinical study.		
DB05485	ADH-1	investigational	Adherex's biotechnology compound, ADH-1, targets N-cadherin, a protein present on certain tumor cells and established tumor blood vessels. ADH-1 is currently in clinical development in a combination program with a range of chemotherapeutic agents to investigate the synergistic effects noted in our preclinical models. At the end of 2006, the Company also completed patient enrollment in our single-agent Phase Ib/II and Phase II trials of ADH-1.Cadherins are cell adhesion and cell signaling molecules crucial to the development of tissues, organs and organisms. Agents that target and inhibit cadherin function have the potential to attack the progression of cancer at two distinct points:    * Direct targeting of cadherins expressed on cancer cells may disturb cadherin-mediated signaling, leading to apoptosis (death) of cancer cells.    * Cadherin inhibitors may exploit the inherent structural weaknesses of the tumor vasculature, causing angiolysis (disruption of blood vessels) and tumor damage.As many tumors become more aggressive, invasive, and malignant, researchers have found that N-cadherin is expressed in greater amounts, making it an important target for developing anti-cancer treatments.Poorly differentiated, highly invasive carcinomas are characterized by over-expression of N-cadherin (as opposed to E-cadherin). This change in primary cadherin expression causes the epithelial cells to lose their tightly adherent, polarized and well-defined shape and become loosely adherent, flattened and migratory. Such cadherin switching promotes properties such as dedifferentiation, local invasion and metastasis, leading to poor prognosis.ADH-1 may have utility in a wide variety of cancers as N-cadherin is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. As tumors progress to become higher grade, invasive and more metastatic, the frequency of N-cadherin expression generally rises.		
DB05487	Custirsen	investigational	Custirsen is a benzopyran with potential antineoplastic activity. Custirsen acts as a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), inhibiting the proliferation of estrogen-sensitive breast cancer cells. This agent also inhibits growth and induces apoptosis of glioblastoma cells via a mechanism independent of estrogen receptor-related mechanisms. Custirsen is also being investigated in the treatment of primary brain tumors.		
DB05488	Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin	investigational	99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.		
DB05489	ACA 125	investigational	An  IgG1 murine monoclonal anti-idiotype antibody (Ab2), ACA-125, was developed to bind to anti-CA 125 antibodies. ACA-125 mimics the tumor-associated antigen CA-125, which can be detected in about 80% of ovarian carcinomas.This new concept of oncological immunotherapy consists of an attempt to trigger the immune system of the host to respond against tumor cells. Antiidiotypic antibodies bearing the internal image of an antigen expressed on the surface of the tumor are suited to this approach. To create ACA-125, a hybridoma cell was adapted to serum-free medium and antibody was produced in a hollow fiber cell culture system. Positive clinical results are now being reported.		
DB05490	AMG-131	investigational	AMG-131 (T131), an orally-administered therapy, is expected to lower blood glucose in type II diabetic patients by improving the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is a selective modulator of PPARg (peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma), a receptor involved in regulating the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is not structurally related to the thiazolidinedione class of PPARg agonists, which includes Actos and Avandia.		
DB05491	ATN-161	investigational	ATN-161 is a non-RGD based integrin binding peptide targeting alpha-5 beta-1 and alpha-v beta-3. It inhibits the migration and adhesion of particular integrins on activated endothelial cells that play a critical role in tumor angiogenesis. This approach targeting both the tumor vasculature and the cancer cells themselves, may be effective in single therapy as well as combination therapy. Since the expression of alpha(5)beta(1) integrin by cancer cells and the role of this molecule in tumor angiogenesis is similar across a range of different cancers, the therapeutic benefit of ATN-161 is expected to extend to a variety of cancers.		
DB05492	Epicept NP-1	investigational	EpiCept NP-1 is a prescription topical analgesic cream designed to provide effective, long-term relief from the pain of peripheral neuropathies. Peripheral neuropathies are medical conditions caused by damage to the nerves in the peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system includes nerves that run from the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body.  EpiCept NP-1 Cream is a patented formulation containing two FDA-approved drugs, amitriptyline (a widely-used antidepressant) and ketamine (an NMDA antagonist that is used as an anesthetic).		
DB05493	NX-1207	investigational	NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).		
DB05494	Elacytarabine	investigational	Elacytarabine is a fatty acid derivative of [cytarabine], an approved cytotoxic cancer drug. Cytarabine has limitations such as minimal uptake in solid tumours and is only used to treat leukaemia. Elacytarabine is designed to overcome this limitation and has shown considerable uptake in solid tumour cells. Elacytarabine is a patented new chemical entity of the nucleoside analog class, with improved biological properties and the potential to treat solid tumours such as non-small cell lung cancer, malignant melanoma and ovarian cancer.		
DB05495	PG-530742	investigational	PG-530742 selectively inhibits certain matrix metalloproteinases that have been implicated in the cartilage degradation that occurs in osteoarthritis. By inhibiting these MMPs, it potentially limits cartilage degradation and disease progression. Studies are currently assessing the efficacy and safety of PG-530742 in the treatment of mild to moderate knee osteoarthritis.		
DB05496	Otelixizumab	investigational	Otelixizumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to a receptor found on all T cells called CD3, which is involved in normal T cell signaling. Otelixizumab is believed to inhibit the function of autoreactive T cells, which are important in propagating autoimmune diseases, while inducing regulatory T cell pathways that promote immunological tolerance and inhibit autoreactive disease activity. Tolerx is developing otelixizumab to treat patients with type 1 diabetes, psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB05498	KW-7158	investigational	KW-7158 is a tricyclic compound with a non-cholingergic mechanism of action for the treatment of "urinary urgency," "frequent urination" and "urinary incontinence" associated with bladder overactivity (involuntary abnormal contraction of the bladder). The therapeutic effects of KW-7158 in overactive bladder may be due to the activation of A-type K(+) channels which regulate afferent neuron excitability and firing properties in the dorsal root ganglion neurons.		
DB05499	TAK-428	investigational	TAK-428 is a drug for treating diabetic neuropathy. It is based on the novel concept that peripheral nervous tissue that was damaged by diabetes can be repaired and regenerated by stimulating an increase in neurotrophic factors.		
DB05500	AVN-944	investigational	AVN944 is a biotech drug that demonstrated a statistically meaningful impact on IMPDH and other proteins that are critical to activities in cancer cells, including nucleotide biosynthesis, energy and metabolism, DNA replication, apoptosis and cell cycle control. AVN944 has been associated with cancer cell death in clinical trials. It is being investigated for the treatment of patients with advanced hematologic malignancies.		
DB05501	AMD-070	investigational	AMD-070 is a small molecule drug candidate that belongs to a new investigational class of anti-HIV drugs known as entry (fusion) inhibitors. Currently there is only one FDA-approved entry inhibitor, enfuvirtide (Fuzeon), that is available for the treatment of HIV infection. Several experimental entry inhibitors are now in early stage testing, including AMD-070, which targets the CXCR4 receptor on HIV and prevents the virus from entering and infecting healthy cells. Other entry inhibitors target the CCR5 receptor of HIV.These new agents are widely viewed as next generation anti-HIV drugs with the potential to significantly advance HIV therapeutics.		
DB05502	AG-858	investigational	AG-858 (autologous heat-shock protein 70 peptide vaccine) isa recombinant cancer vaccine made with tumor-derived heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) peptide complexes. HSP70 associates with antigenic peptides, transporting them into antigen presenting cells (APC) for processing. Tumor-derived HSP70-peptide complexes used in vaccine preparations have been shown to prime tumor immunity and tumor-specific T cells in animal models.		
DB05505	NM-702	investigational	Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited		
DB05506	ISIS 113715	investigational	ISIS 113715 is our second-generation antisense inhibitor of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1b, or PTP‑1b, for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. In early trials, ISIS 113715 induced statistically significant improvements in multiple measures of glucose control along with statistically significantreductions in LDL-cholesterol.		
DB05507	VX-765	investigational	VX-765 is the orally available prodrug of a potent and selective competitive inhibitor of ICE/caspase-1 (VRT-043198). VX-765 is currently under clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, as it blocks the hypersensitive response to an inflammatory stimulus.		
DB05509	LI-301	investigational	LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely  antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm.		
DB05511	Piclidenoson	investigational	CF 101 (known generically as IB-MECA) is an anti-inflammatory drug for rheumatoid arthritis patients. Its novel mechanism of action relies on antagonism of adenoside A3 receptors. CF101 is supplied as an oral drug and has an excellent safety profile. It is also being considered for the treatment of other autoimmune-inflammatory disorders, such as Crohn's disease, psorasis and dry eye syndrome.		
DB05512	MM-093	investigational	MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.		
DB05513	Atiprimod	investigational			
DB05514	Cobiprostone	investigational			
DB05516	PI-0824	investigational	Pemphigus vulgaris (PV) is an autoimmune disease affecting approximately 40,000 people worldwide. People with PV produce antibodies that attack the cells of the skin, resulting in blisters which, if left untreated, can lead to devastating infections and discomfort. Currently, most doctors who treat patients with PV will prescribe high-dose steroids and drugs that suppress the immune system in an effort to decrease the production of these antibodies. Unfortunately these medications are associated with serious and difficult side effects that often result in the discontinuation of their use. Peptimmune, Inc. has developed a new therapy for the treatment of PV, PI-0824. The goal of this therapy is to reduce the production of antibodies that cause PV blisters by acting only on the disease causing components of the immune system. It is hoped that use of PI-0824 will reduce or potentially eliminate the need for high dose steroids and drugs that suppress the immune system.		
DB05518	Managlinat dialanetil	investigational	CS-917 is a novel inhibitor of fructose 1,6-bisphphosphatase (FBPase) which is one of the rate-limiting enzymes of gluconeogenesis.		
DB05519	Budiodarone	investigational	Budiodarone (ATI-2042) is an antiarrhythmic related to amiodarone that is currently being studied in clinical trials.		
DB05520	Mimopezil	investigational	Mimopezil is an acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor that has demonstrated potential use in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. Mimopezil is a pro-drug that is rapidly absorbed and converted into huperzine A.		
DB05521	Telaprevir	approved,withdrawn	Telaprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Telaprevir. Telaprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotype 1 [FDA Label]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [A19593]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Telaprevir is still effective against HCV when paired with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022].Telaprevir, [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022] were used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily administration of the combination therapy followed by 12 or 36 weeks of therapy with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022]. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Telaprevir was available as a fixed dose product (tradename Incivek) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in May 2011 by the FDA, Incivek was indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1 in combination with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022] [FDA Label]. Incivek has since been withdrawn from the market.		
DB05524	Pelitinib	investigational	Pelitinib (EKB-569) is a potent, low molecular weight, selective, and irreversible inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) that is being developed as an anticancer agent.		
DB05525	EW-A-401	investigational	EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.		
DB05528	Mipomersen	approved,investigational	Mipomersen sodium, which was known as the investigational drug, isis-301012, is the salt form of a synthetic phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. Mipomersen sodium prevents the formation of apo B-100, resulting in a decrease in the levels of apolipoprotein B (apo B), low density lipoprotein (LDL), and total cholesterol. Mipomersen is indicated in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid-lowering medications. It is marketed under the brand name Kynamro in the United States, and the FDA label includes a black box warning of hepatoxicity. Specifically, elevations in the liver enzymes, i.e. transaminases, and in liver fat (hepatic steatosis) have been reported. Due to this serious risk of liver toxicity, mipomersen sodium is only available to patients under the restricted program called Kynamro Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program.		
DB05530	CPG 10101	investigational	CPG 10101 is a synthetic oligodeoxynucleotide (ODN) in clinical trials. It is a toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist with antiviral and immunomodulatory properties that could potentially influence chronic infection with HCV.		
DB05531	alpha-Pyrrolidinononanophenone	investigational			
DB05532	BMS-488043	investigational	BMS-488043 has been investigated as an anti-HIV agent.		
DB05533	QR-333	investigational	QR-333 has been investigated as a treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. QR-333 is a concentrated and standardized nutrient based active compounds dosed in a topical cream designed to reduce oxidative stress and treat symptoms of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, a nerve disorder that can lead to numbness, skin ulcers, constant pain or extreme sensitivity to a stimulus.		
DB05540	Alanosine	investigational	An amino acid analogue and antibiotic derived from the bacterium Streptomyces alanosinicus with antimetabolite and potential antineoplastic activities.		
DB05541	Brivaracetam	approved,investigational	Brivaracetam is a racetam derivative of levetiracetam used in the treatment of partial-onset seizures. Brivaracetam binds SV2A with 20 times higher affinity than levetiracetam [A19184]. It is available under the brand name Briviact made by UCB. Briviact received FDA approval on February 19, 2016 [L760].		
DB05542	Naronapride	investigational			
DB05545	AMG 108	investigational	AMG 108 was investigated for use as an antirheumatic agent.		
DB05549	INO-1001	investigational			
DB05550	Iratumumab	investigational	Immunoglobulin G1, anti-(human CD30 (antigen)) (human monoclonal MDX-060 heavy chain), disulfide with human monoclonal MDX-060 light chain, dimer. Molecular weight is approximately 170,000 daltons. In phase I/II clinical trials for treatment of CD30+ lymphomas.		
DB05552	TG100-115	investigational	An NSAID that inhibits PI-3K gamma and delta.		
DB05553	Regrelor	investigational			
DB05555	Enokizumab	investigational	A humanized immunoglobulin G1k anti-interleukin-9 mAb.		
DB05559	NF-kappaB Decoy	investigational			
DB05560	Delcasertib	investigational			
DB05562	Naluzotan	investigational			
DB05565	PBT-1033	investigational			
DB05575	Motesanib	investigational			
DB05578	Ramucirumab	approved,investigational	Ramucirumab is a human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), a type II trans-membrane tyrosine kinase receptor expressed on endothelial cells. By binding to VEGFR2, ramucirumab prevents binding of its ligands (VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and VEGF-D), thereby preventing VEGF-stimulated receptor phosphorylation and downstream ligand-induced proliferation, permeability, and migration of human endothelial cells. VEGFR stimulation also mediates downstream signalling required for angiogenesis and is postulated to be heavily involved in cancer progression, making it a highly likely drug target. In contrast to other agents directed against VEGFR-2, ramucirumab binds a specific epitope on the extracellular domain of VEGFR-2, thereby blocking all VEGF ligands from binding to it. Ramucirumab is indicated for us in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.		
DB05580	TRU-015	investigational			
DB05584	Praconase	investigational			
DB05585	Verubulin	investigational	Antineoplastic; a small-molecule inhibitor of microtubule formation that is not a substrate for multidrug resistance pumps.		
DB05586	Facinicline	investigational			
DB05590	Bedoradrine	investigational			
DB05592	Blarcamesine	investigational			
DB05594	Cantuzumab ravtansine	investigational			
DB05595	Farletuzumab	investigational	Farletuzumab (MORAb-003) is a fully humanized monoclonal antibody against the folate receptor alpha, for the potential treatment of epithelial ovarian cancer.		
DB05596	PRX-03140	investigational			
DB05599	Fibroblast growth factor-1	investigational			
DB05606	Beclanorsen	investigational			
DB05607	PRX-08066	investigational			
DB05608	MKC-1	investigational			
DB05611	Apilimod	investigational			
DB05616	4'-Methylene-5,8,10-trideazaaminopterin	investigational	CH-1504 is a an antirheumatic agent that has been shown in vitro to be a nonpolyglutamylatable and nonhydroxylatable antifolate that is more efficiently taken up into cells by the reduced folate carrier (RFC) system than is Methotrexate. It has been investigated for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis (phase II).		
DB05620	AVI-4065	investigational	AVI-4065, a phosphorodiamidate Morpholino oligomer (PMO), is an investigational antisense HCV drug. It was developed by Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. After phase II trials it was cancelled due to lack of potency. [L2917]		
DB05624	Teverelix	investigational	A synthetic decapeptide, water-soluble Gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist. It has reached phase II clinical trials.		
DB05625	CTCE-9908	investigational			
DB05626	Retaspimycin	investigational			
DB05630	Sodium stibogluconate	approved,investigational	Sodium stibogluconate is a medicine used to treat leishmaniasis and is only available for administration by injection. It belongs to the class of medicines known as the pentavalent antimonials. Sodium stibogluconate is sold in the UK as Pentostam (manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline). Widespread resistance has limited the utility of sodium stibogluconate, and in many parts of the world, amphotericin or miltefosine are used instead. It is also being investigated as an anti-tumor agent.		
DB05631	ALT-2074	investigational	An organoselenium drug previously studied by Oxis International in Phase-II clinical trials for ulcerative colitis patients. Some indications of efficacy were demonstrated. BXT-51072 has enthusiastic endorsement for treatment in cardiovascular indications, primarily because of its ability to mimic the function of glutathione peroxidase.		
DB05633	Glypromate	investigational	Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.		
DB05638	Asvasiran	investigational	Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.		
DB05642	DDP-225	investigational	DDP225 is both a noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor and a serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3) antagonist. Noradrenaline and serotonin are neurotransmitters that are known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal system.  The unique combination of noradrenaline reuptake inhibition and 5-HT3 antagonism in one orally delivered compound represents a novel approach to treating IBS-d and other functional GI diseases. Dynogen licensed preclinical and clinical data related to DDP225 from Mitsubishi Pharma in October 2003.		
DB05643	IRX-2	investigational	IRX-2 contains multiple human cytokines that are being investigated to promote or enhance an anti-cancer immune response.		
DB05644	KP-1461	investigational	KP-1461 is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases.		
DB05645	Larazotide	investigational	An octapeptide inhibitor of paracellular permeability whose structure is derived from a protein (zonula occludens toxin) secreted by Vibrio cholerae for treatment of Coeliac disease.		
DB05649	NTx-265	investigational	NTx-265 is a combination of two currently marketed large molecules designed to stimulate the growth and differentiation of neural stem cells in adults who have suffered a stroke – the second leading cause of death worldwide. In May 2006, biotechnology company Stem Cell Therapeutics started a Phase IIa study of NTx-265. It is also investigating use of the compound for neurodegenerative disorders, such as Huntington’s disease and Alzheimer’s disease.		
DB05650	OT-551	investigational	OT-551 is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for OT-551, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans.		
DB05652	VTP-201227	investigational	VTP-201227 has a novel mechanism of action and is being developed as a topical agent for the treatment of psoriasis with potential extensions into other dermatological indications. It is being developed by Vitae Pharmaceuticals.		
DB05653	IRX-5183	investigational			
DB05656	Veltuzumab	investigational	Veltuzumab is a monoclonal antibody which, as of October 2009, is undergoing Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.		
DB05659	Faropenem medoxomil	investigational	Faropenem medoxomil is an ester prodrug derivative of the beta-lactam antibiotic [faropenem]. The prodrug form of faropenem offers dramatically improved oral bioavailability and leads to higher systemic concentrations of the drug. Faropenem medoxomil is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is highly resistant to beta-lactamase degradation. It is being developed jointly by Replidyne, Inc. and Forest Laboratories, Inc.		
DB05660	D-JNKI-1	investigational	A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.		
DB05662	NP-50301	investigational	NP-50301 is an ophthalmic therapeutic eye drop treating post-menopausal Dry Eye Syndrome (DES). It is being developed by Nascent Pharmaceuticals. It is estimated that about 30% of postmenopausal women suffer symptoms of DES, which accounts for over 12 million women in the U.S. The majority of sufferers of DES are postmenopausal women; and clinical research around the world has suggested the benefits of both topical and systemic estrogen therapy in the treatment of DES in this population.		
DB05667	Levoketoconazole	investigational	Levoketoconazole is a cortisol synthesis inhibitor that is being developed as a therapy for glucose and cholesterol control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.		
DB05668	Palifosfamide	investigational	Palifosfamide (ZIO-201) is a proprietary stabilized metabolite of ifosfamide. Ifosfamide has been shown to be effective in high doses in treating testicular cancer, sarcoma and lymphoma.		
DB05670	ATL-104	investigational	ATL-104 is a potent mitogen for epithelial cells of the gastrointestinal tract. In animal models, ATL-104 aids regeneration of the gastrointestinal tract after treatment with chemotherapeutic agents.		
DB05671	AC-100	investigational	AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.		
DB05675	EP-2104R	investigational	EP-2104R is an imaging pharmaceutical under development for the detection of blood clots. It is the first targeted high-resolution technique designed to visualize blood clots directly. It is being developed by EPIX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.		
DB05676	Apremilast	approved,investigational	Apremilast, also known as Otezla, is a phosphodiesterase 4 (PDE4) inhibitor used to treat various types of symptoms resulting from certain inflammatory autoimmune diseases. It belongs to the same drug class as [Roflumilast] and [Crisaborole].[A181244,L7495] Initially approved in 2014, it is marketed by Celgene.[L7501] In July 2019, apremilast was granted a new FDA approval for the treatment of oral ulcers associated with Behcet's disease, an autoimmune condition that causes recurrent skin, blood vessel, and central nervous system inflammation.[A181216]		
DB05678	SLx-4090	investigational	SLx-4090 is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTTP) inhibitor potentially for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. [A33218]		
DB05679	Ustekinumab	approved,investigational	Ustekinumab is a human immunoglobulin (Ig) G1 kappa monoclonal antibody directed against interleukin(IL)-12 and IL-23, which are cytokines that are involved in immune and inflammatory responses.[A187349] It was generated via recombinant human IL-12 immunization of human Ig (hu-Ig) transgenic mice.[A187349] It is a targeted biologic disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug (bDMARDs) that is used in the management of various inflammatory conditions that involve the activation of IL-12 and IL-23 signalling pathways.[A187346]The therapeutic use of the drug started in Canada, the US, and Europe since 2009 when it was first approved for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and active psoriatic arthritis, alone or in combination with [methotrexate]. In September 2016, ustekinumab was additionally approved for the management of moderate to severe Crohn's disease in selected adult patients. In October 2019, it was also approved by the FDA for use to manage moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adults. Ustekinumab is currently the first and only approved biologic therapy for ulcerative colitis that targets the interleukin (IL)-12 and IL-23 cytokines.[L9392] The dosing regimen for ustekinumab is based on the patient's weight and there are intravenous and subcutaneous formulations of the drug based on the dosing schedule and condition being treated. Ustekinumab is commonly marketed under the trade name STELARA®.		
DB05680	Sotirimod	investigational			
DB05683	Iodofiltic acid I-123	investigational			
DB05685	FX06	investigational	FX06 is a naturally occurring peptide derived from the neo-N-terminus of fibrin (Bbeta(15-42)). It prevents leukocyte migration through the gap junctions of endothelial cells. FX06 has proven safe in acute and subchronic toxicological studies and recently entered clinical development. It is being developed by Fibrex Medical Inc.		
DB05686	Sivifene	investigational			
DB05687	BL-1020	investigational	BL-1020 is a first in class novel compound for the treatment of schizophrenia. It is being developed by BioLineRx (BioLine).		
DB05688	CRx-119	investigational	CRx-119 is a novel synergistic combination drug candidate discovered using the CombinatoRx combination High Throughput Screening (cHTS(TM)) technology with potential therapeutic use in a broad range of immuno-inflammatory conditions. CRx-119 is a combination of a low dose of the steroid prednisolone, 3mg, and amoxapine.		
DB05695	NPS-2143	investigational			
DB05698	GI-4000	investigational	A vaccine containing a heat-killed recombinant <em>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</em> yeast transfected with mutated forms of Ras, an oncogene frequently found in solid tumors, with potential immunostimulant and antitumor activity. [L112]		
DB05705	ALS-08	investigational	ALS-08 is a proprietary creatine-derivative that is being developed as a potential therapeutic for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). It is being developed by Avicena Group, Inc.		
DB05706	13-deoxydoxorubicin	investigational	GPX-100 is an anthracycline anticancer drug that belongs to the family of drugs called antitumor antibiotics.		
DB05708	GTS-21	investigational	GTS-21 (also known as DMBX-A), is a novel, small-molecule, orally active and selective alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine (nACh) receptor agonist that has demonstrated memory and cognition enhancement activity in human clinical trials. Athenagen licensed the exclusive rights to the compound and a related library of analogs as part of the acquisition of Osprey Pharmaceutical Company in April 2006. GTS-21 has been studied in multiple Phase I studies in healthy volunteers and one Phase I/II study in schizophrenic patients. In all studies, the compound was well tolerated. In a Phase I multi-dose, double-blind, placebo controlled study in healthy adults, GTS-21 also demonstrated cognitive enhancement across all doses, with a statistically significant improvement in attention related and memory related tasks (Kitagawa, et al. Neuropsychopharmacology (2003), 28, 542-551).		
DB05710	Gantacurium	investigational	Gantacurium chloride is a new, investigational, non-depolarizing ultra-short acting neuromuscular blocker. It is being developed by Avera Pharmaceuticals.		
DB05712	AZD-9684	investigational	AZD-9684 is the first member of a new anti-thrombotic class (CPU inhibitors). It is being developed by AstraZeneca.		
DB05713	LY-517717	investigational	LY517717 is an investigational oral direct inhibitor of activated Factor Xa. It is believed to be Lilly's PMD-3112 (licensed from Amgen).		
DB05714	Flovagatran	investigational			
DB05718	Maxy-G34	investigational	MAXY-G34 is a pegylated variant of human granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF). This variant contains multiple non-naturally occurring lysines that have been introduced into alpha helixes of wild type human G-CSF as PEGylation sites, and from which multiple undesired, naturally occurring lysines have been removed as compared to wild type human G-CSF to avoid PEGylation of such sites. Specifically, the amino acid sequence of MAXY-G34 differs from that of human wild type G-CSF at residues 16, 34, 40, 105 and 159. This was accomplished by removing the three lysine residues at positions 16, 34 and 40, and replacing them with arginine, and substituting two new lysine residues at positions 105 and 159. MAXY-G34 is pegylated with 5 kd mPEG SPA (succinimidyl propionate) groups at 3 amino acid residues, including PEG groups attached at the amino terminal end of the protein and at two internal lysine residues, while Neulasta has a single 20 Kd PEG group attached at the N terminal end of the wild type G-CSF protein. It is being developed by Maxygen, Inc. for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia.		
DB05719	Elesclomol	investigational	Elesclomol is a novel, injectable, drug candidate that kills cancer cells by elevating oxidative stress levels beyond a breaking point, triggering programmed cell death. In preclinical models elesclomol showed potent killing of a broad range of cancer cell types at high doses, and an ability to strongly enhance the efficacy of certain chemotherapy agents, with minimal additional toxicity, at moderate doses. It is being developed by Synta Pharmaceuticals.		
DB05721	EVT 201	investigational	EVT 201 is a novel partial positive allosteric modulator of the GABAA receptor complex which is being developed as a treatment for insomnia. It is being developed by Evotec Inc.		
DB05722	CGC-11047	investigational	CGC-11047 is a polyamine analog designed to halt cell growth and induce apoptosis.		
DB05723	ALKS 29	investigational	ALKS 29 is a new product candidate for the treatment of alcohol dependence. It is being developed by Alkermes, Inc.		
DB05724	alpha-Conotoxin VC 1.1	investigational			
DB05730	PMI-001	investigational	PMI-001 is a stand-alone, disease-modifying, anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) being developed by Phytomedics Inc. It is an extract of the roots of an undisclosed perennial shrub which interferes with the production of IL-2 and COX-2 proteins, for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus erythematosus and psoriasis.		
DB05732	Strontium malonate	investigational	Strontium malonate is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc.		
DB05735	Cefilavancin	investigational			
DB05736	MIV-701	investigational	MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.		
DB05737	Varespladib methyl	investigational	Varespladib methyl has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that Varespladib methyl treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation.		
DB05738	Vapitadine	investigational	Vapitadine is an antihistamine that Barrier Therapeutics is developing as a treatment for allergic reactions of the skin, such as those associated with hives and for the itch associated with atopic dermatitis. An advantage of vapitadine over other antihistamines may be the absence of the sedation, even at high doses.		
DB05739	CYT006-AngQb	investigational	CYT006-AngQb  is a therapeutic vaccine in development for treatment of hypertension. It is designed to instruct the patient’s immune system to produce an antibody response against angiotensin II, a small peptide that causes blood vessels to narrow and results in increased blood pressure. It is a unique treatment modality that aims to address the issue of patient compliance by offering convenient dosing schedules due to the long-lasting effect induced by vaccination.		
DB05740	RPI-78M	investigational	RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).		
DB05741	AGS-005	investigational	AGS-005 is a personalized dendritic cell-based immunotherapy, with optimized immune response characteristics, that is designed to stimulate the patient's immune system to target and destroy the patient's cancer cells.		
DB05742	AGS-004	investigational	AGS-004 is a personalized RNA-loaded dendritic cellbasedimmunotherapy that is designed to stimulate the patient’s immune system to target and destroy the patient’s own unique viral burden. Non-personalized HIV immunotherapies are unable to raise cytotoxic T lymphocytes against HIV antigens, fail to induce T cell memory, and, most importantly, do not provide antiviral protection against the patient's own particular virus. A personalized immunotherapy addresses these issues because it is able to capture private viral mutations, providing a matched, complete immune response for each individual HIV patient. This approach may overcome the weaknesses of other available therapies and therefore could result in a better chance of success for HIV treatment.		
DB05744	CRx-139	investigational	CRx-139 is an oral synergistic combination drug candidates with novel mechanisms of action targeting multiple biological pathways simultaneously. It is a dissociated steroid designed to enhance the immuno-modulatory activity of a low-dose glucocorticoid steroid without a comparable increase in steroid-related side effects. The synergistic combination containing low doses of the glucocorticoid steroid prednisolone and the antidepressant paroxetine. This novel synergistic combination is developed for the treatment of immuno-inflammatory diseases.		
DB05746	PF-03187207	investigational	PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.		
DB05747	R-851	investigational	R-851 is part of the family of immune response modifier (IRM) and it acts in a novel way to stimulate the human body's immnune system to attack virus-infected cells and tumor cells. It is expected to be topical treatment for cervical displasia and cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV), the sexually transmitted virus that causes most cases of cervical cancer.		
DB05749	MPI-674	investigational	MPI-674 is an aromatase inhibitor (AI) with a well-established, multi-year chronic safety and tolerability profile.  AIs are a class of drugs that reduce the amount of estrogen circulating in the body by binding to and inhibiting the enzyme aromatase, which is responsible for converting certain hormones to estrogen. It is developed for the treatment of several serious women’s health conditions including endometrial thinning prior to endometrial ablations in premenopausal women with abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB).		
DB05750	AVE-1625	investigational	AVE-1625 is an oral selective and potent antagonist of cannabinoid 1 (CB1) receptors having the same mechanism of action as rimonabant. It is currently developed in obesity and its associated comorbidities. AVE-1625 is also being developed for the treatment of  Alzheimer disease.		
DB05751	RP01	investigational	RP01 is a novel anti-IgE immunotherapy for allergic individuals. It is designed to induce the immune system to produce antibodies that block Immunoglobulin E (IgE), the key mediator of an allergic response. It could offer benefit to millions of asthma and allergy patients.		
DB05752	ALKS 27	investigational	ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.		
DB05753	VSF-173	investigational	VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.		
DB05754	IPH 1101	investigational	IPH 1101 is a chemically-synthesized structural analog of non-conventional bacterial phosphoantigens which specifically activate the Vγ9Vδ2 T cell subset. IPH 1101 is the most advanced drug candidate of the γδ T cell platform		
DB05755	BF-37	investigational	BF-37 for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and/or psoriasis. The active ingredient in BF-37 is Riluzole, applied in a topical formulation, which is believed to correct the imbalances of the immune system that cause atopic dermatitis or psoriasis.		
DB05756	PAC-113	investigational	PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.		
DB05757	DNB-001	investigational	DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.		
DB05758	CYT007-TNFQb	investigational	CYT007-TNFQb is an active immunization therapy that aims atproviding a novel treatment to people suffering from RA or psoriasis. The vaccine should allow for administration of lowamounts of drug to individual patients (in the microgram range) and for convenient dosing schedules.		
DB05765	ATX-201	investigational	ATX-201 is one of a family of novel compounds that inhibits microtubule polymerization. It is developed by Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. for the treatment of actinickeratosis. The company announced the decision to discontinue its ATX-201 clinical program for actinic keratosis. The Company determined that the program was not meeting their expected primary and exploratory objectives.		
DB05766	ACP-104	investigational	ACP-104, or N-desmethylclozapine, is the major metabolite of clozapine, and is being developed by ACADIA as a novel, stand-alone therapy for schizophrenia. It combines an atypical antipsychotic efficacy profile with the added potential benefit of enhanced cognition, thereby addressing one of the major challenges in treating schizophrenia today.		
DB05767	Andrographolide	investigational	Andrographolide (HMPL-004) is a botanical product extracted from a herb that occurs naturally in China. The herb has an extensive history of use in TCM for the treatment of upper respiratory tract infections and other inflammatory and infectious diseases.		
DB05768	Alkaline Phosphatase	investigational	Alkaline Phosphatase (AP) is an oral treatment and has a veryfavorable side-effect profile. AP only acts locally in the colon to reduce the continuous inflammation of the colon by endotoxin from Gram-negative bacteria and extracellular ATP in UC patients.		
DB05769	LCP-AtorFen	investigational	LCP-AtorFen is a fixed-dose combination therapy for the treatment of high cholesterol levels combining atorvastatin (the active ingredient of Lipitor®) and the lowest dose of fenofibrate without food effect. LCP-AtorFen is designed to be a once daily tablet offering a powerful and safe treatment of high cholesterol levels, addressing three primary cardiovascular risk factors: low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triglycerides (TG).		
DB05771	LLL-3348	investigational	The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.		
DB05772	Rabeximod	investigational	Rabeximod is an orally administered compound for treatment of moderate or severe active rheumatoid arthritis that is currently undergoing phase II clinical testing in eight European countries.		
DB05773	Trastuzumab emtansine	approved,investigational	Trastuzumab emtansine, formerly called Trastuzumab-DM1 (T-DM1) is a first-in-class HER2 antibody drug conjugate (ADC) comprised of Genentech's trastuzumab antibody linked to ImmunoGen's cell-killing agent, DM1. T-DM1 combines two strategies-- anti-HER2 activity and targeted intracellular delivery of the potent anti-microtubule agent, DM1 (a maytansine derivative)--to produce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Trastuzumab emtansine is marketed under the brand name Kadcyla and is indicated for use in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment. The FDA label has two precautions. First that trastuzumab emtansine and trastuzumab cannot be interchanged. Second that there is a black box warning of serious side effects such as hepatotoxicity, embryo-fetal toxicity, and cardiac toxicity.		
DB05775	CRx-401	investigational	CRx-401 is a novel insulin sensitizer designed to provide anti-diabetic activity without promoting weight gain. It consists of a low dose of the analgesic diflunisal in conjunction with a modified-release therapeutic dose of bezafibrate, an anti-cholesterol agent. In third-party clinical studies, the dose of bezafibrate contained in CRx-401 has been observed to have a positive impact on cellular pathways that influence glycemic and lipid profiles, and this dose has proven to be well tolerated in clinical trials. Unlike other NSAIDs, or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the dose of diflunisal in CRx-401 has demonstrated in preclinical studies the ability to synergistically enhance the anti-diabetic effects of bezafibrate through novel disease-targeted mechanisms.		
DB05776	IC41	investigational	IC41 is a therapeutic peptide vaccine. It is being devloped by Intercell AG for the treatment of hepatitis C. The vaccine consists of five synthetic peptides (IPEP83, 84, 87, 89,1426) harboring HCV CD4 and CD8 T-cell epitopes and the synthetic adjuvant poly-L-arginine.		
DB05777	Thrombomodulin Alfa	approved,investigational	Thrombomodulin Alfa is a novel, recombinant and soluble thrombomodulin (ART-123). It is a human protein with both thrombin inhibiting and protein C stimulating activities, for the potential treatment of thromboembolism and blood clotting disorders, such as disseminated intravascular thromboembolism. [A18701]		
DB05778	Col-118	investigational	COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.		
DB05779	Oglufanide	investigational	Oglufanide is a synthetic dipeptide immunomodulator in development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C viral infection. Oglufanide was originally developed to treat severe infectious disease in Russia (where it is a registered pharmaceutical), and was extensively studied in cancer clinical trials in the United States before being acquired by Implicit Bioscience in 2005. Oglufanide works as a regulator of the body's immune response, is being given by intranasal administration to patients with chronic hepatitis C viral infection.		
DB05780	ATX-101	investigational	ATX-101 (medical), sodium deoxycholate for subcutaneous injection, is being evaluated as a treatment for the reduction of localized fat deposits. This includes treatment of superficial lipomas (benign tumors of soft tissue composed of mature fat cells), fat deposits in the submental region of the face/neck, and localized fat deposits in other parts of the body. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring bile acid produced by the liver as one of several end products of cholesterol metabolism. As a naturally occurring component of the human body, deoxycholate is considered a ‘biocompatible’ detergent that solubilizes fat in the small intestine. ATX-101 demonstrates a relative selectivity for fat over other tissues.		
DB05785	LGD-1550	investigational	LGD-1550 is an orally-active synthetic aromatic retinoic acid agent with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities.		
DB05786	Irofulven	investigational	A novel anti-cancer compound synthesized by scientists at the University of California, San Diego more than a decade ago from toxins of the poisonous jack-o-lantern mushroom, has been granted “fast track” status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) after demonstrating promise against one of the most deadly cancers. MGI-114 (Irofulven) is currently being developed by MGI PHARMA, Inc., an emerging oncology-focused pharmaceutical company based in Minneapolis. Phase III clinical trials involving the drug have been underway since early 2001 at sites in the U.S. and Europe.		
DB05787	LM-609	investigational	LM-609 (Vitaxin) is an artificial antibody that targets a protein on the surface of newly forming blood vessels, as well as on certain tumors. In addition to cancer, the protein has been implicated in bone destruction in rheumatoid arthritis and the inflammatory process in psoriasis.		
DB05789	MX6	investigational	MX6 is adamantyl group derivatives containing retinoid-related compounds induce apoptosis of cancer cells and therefore may be used for the treatment of cancer, including advanced cancer. More specifically, it has been shown that such adamantyl compounds, e.g., 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 2-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-5-benzimidazole carboxylic acid, and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4,5-methylenedioxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, can be used to treat or prevent cervical cancers and precancers such as cervical dysplasias, including high grade and low grade dysplasias.		
DB05790	SR 140333	investigational	SR 140333 is tachykinin antagonist which has potential to treat diarrhoea due to food allergy or inflammatory bowel disease.		
DB05791	Perflubron	investigational	Perflubron (Oxygent) is being developed as an intravascular oxygen carrier designed to augment oxygen delivery in surgical patients.		
DB05792	Arylacenamide	investigational	Arylacenamide (SR31747) is a peripheral [sigma] ligand that binds four proteins in human cells, i.e. SRBP-1, [sigma]-2, HSI and its relative SRBP-2. It is a dual agent with both immunomodulatory and antiproliferative activities.		
DB05793	PRO-542	investigational	PRO 542 belongs to a new class of drugs, viral-entry inhibitor, which is intended to prevent HIV from entering and infecting cells. PRO 542 (CD4-immunoglobulin G2) is a tetravalent CD4-immunoglobulin fusion protein that broadly neutralizes primary HIV-1 isolates.		
DB05794	Serelaxin	investigational	Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.		
DB05796	Daglutril	investigational	Daglutril is an orally active, mixed neutral endopeptidase/endothelin converting enzyme inhibitor under development for the treatment of essential hypertension and congestive heart failure.		
DB05797	TNX-901	investigational	TNX-901 is a therapeutic monoclonal antibodies designed to address significant unmet medical needs in the areas of asthma, allergy, inflammation and other diseases affecting the human immune system.		
DB05798	GEM-231	investigational	GEM231 is a second-generation antisense oligonucleotide targeting the mRNA of the R1alpha regulatory subunit of cAMP dependent protein kinase. A monoclonal antibody combined with a toxic substance that is used treat certain types of acute myeloid leukemia in older patients and is being studied in the treatment of other types of cancer. Monoclonal antibodies are made in the laboratory and can locate and bind to cancer cells.		
DB05799	NOX-100	investigational	NOX-100 is the new nitric oxide (NO) neutralizing agent being developed by San Diego-based Medinox -- demonstrated its effectiveness and potential as a therapeutic to treat hemorrhagic shock. NOX-100 is the first in a series of proprietary NO neutralizing compounds Medinox is developing to bind and inactivate NO, a simple gas molecule that is a key biological messenger in the body.		
DB05800	Alethine	investigational	Alethine is studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to a family of chemicals called disulfides. It is a low molecular weight disulfide that has been shown to exhibit in vivo antitumor activity in murine myeloma and melanoma models.		
DB05801	GTI 2040	investigational	GTI-2040 is a substance that is being studied as a treatment for cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called antisense oligonucleotides.		
DB05803	ISIS 14803	investigational	ISIS 14803 is a 20-unit antisense phosphorothioate oligodeoxynucleotide that binds to hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA at the translation initiation region of the internal ribosome entry site (IRES) and inhibits protein expression in cell culture.		
DB05804	Prasterone sulfate	investigational	DHEA sulfate is the major steroid of the fetal adrenal. DHEA-S is the principal adrenal androgen and is secreted together with cortisol under the control of ACTH and prolactin. DHEA-S is elevated with hyperprolactinemia.	17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB05805	NS-2359	investigational	NS2359 is a triple monoamine re-uptake inhibitor with a new, unique drug profile expected to yield important benefits compared to existing treatments of depression. Enhancing the function of the three neurotransmitters serotonin, noradrenalin and dopamine, NS2359 has a desired "triple-mode-of-action". This mode of action is expected to produce an optimal reduction in all disease symptoms and the possibility of an earlier onset of action compared to antidepressants already on the market.		
DB05806	Cositecan	investigational	Cositecan is the novel camptothecin derivative which is also known as Karenitecin. It has been developed for superior oral bioavailability and increased lactone stability. It is used to treat cancer.		
DB05807	HGTV-43	investigational	HGTV43 is an anti-sense treatment designed to produce T cells that are genetically resistant to HIV infection. HGTV43 is one of a number of so-called 'gene transfer vectors' developed by the biotechnology company Enzo Biochem, Inc.		
DB05808	PI-88	investigational	PI-88 is a mixture of highly sulfated, monophosphorylated mannose oligosaccharides, derived from the extracellular phosphomannan of the yeast Pichia (Hansenula) holstii, with potential antiangiogenic activity.		
DB05809	TA-CIN	investigational	TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.		
DB05810	99mTc-glucarate	investigational	99mTc-glucarate(GLA) is an agent for non-invasive detection of breast tumours.		
DB05811	HSV-2 theracine	investigational	HSV-2 theracine is an attenuated recombinant vaccine developed by AuRx for the treatment of genital herpes.		
DB05812	Abiraterone	approved	Abiraterone is a derivative of steroidal progesterone and is an innovative drug that offers clinical benefit to patients with hormone refractory prostate cancer. Abiraterone is administered as an acetate salt prodrug because it has a higher bioavailability and less susceptible to hydrolysis than abiraterone itself. FDA approved on April 28, 2011.		
DB05814	GPI-1485	investigational	GPI 1485 is a product candidate that belongs to a class of small molecule compounds called neuroimmunophilin ligands.In preclinical experiments, neuroimmunophilin ligands have been shown to repair and regenerate damaged nerves without affecting normal, healthy nerves. GPI 1485 is being studied in phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease and post-prostatectomy erectile dysfunction and in pre-clinical development for HIV related dementia and neuropathy.		
DB05815	GnRH pharmaccine	investigational	The GnRH pharmaccine consists of synthetic peptides (constructed to "look like" GnRH), which are bound chemically to a carrier and suspended in a proprietary "delivery vehicle". The pharmaccine is administered intramuscularly to the patient by injection and induces an immune response or production of antibodies in the patient, which neutralize GnRH thus removing it from circulation.		
DB05817	Laromustine	investigational	VNP40101M is a novel alkylating agent that has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Small Intestine Cancer, and Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others.		
DB05818	SGN-15	investigational	SGN-15 is studied in the treatment of cancer. It combines a monoclonal antibody with the anticancer drug doxorubicin. Monoclonal antibodies are substances that are made in the laboratory and that can locate and bind to cancer cells. Doxorubicin is a type of anthracycline antitumor antibiotic. When it is combined with a monoclonal antibody, it forms a type of drug conjugate. Also called cBR96-doxorubicin immunoconjugate.		
DB05819	NBI-6024	investigational	NBI-6024 is an altered peptide ligand that is designed to cause an immune response which result in preservation of beta-cell function and endogenous insulin production.		
DB05820	DP-b99	investigational	DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.		
DB05821	DP-VPA	investigational	DP-VPA is D-Pharm's proprietary lipid modified version of valproic acid (VPA) that demonstrate that DP-VPA is well-tolerated in patients with resistant epilepsy and has a marked effect on reducing seizure frequency.		
DB05824	CNS-5161	investigational	CNS 5161 is a blocker of the NMDA ion channel and has completed Phase IIa proof of concept clinical trials as a novel compound for the treatment of neuropathic pain.		
DB05825	NCX 1015	investigational	NCX 1015 is nitric oxide-releasing derivative of prednisolone developed for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by NicOx SA.		
DB05826	Prolease-r-hFSH	investigational	Prolease-r-hFSH is a  recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH) with Alkermes' ProLease injectable sustained release drug delivery technology.It provides patients with long term therapeutic benefit from a single administration rather than multiple injections.		
DB05827	G207	investigational	G207 is cancer-killing viruses, so-called oncolytic viruses, for the treatment of various forms of cancer developed by MediGene AG. These viruses are specific herpes simplex viruses, or HSVs, generally known as the cause of cold sores. MediGene uses these viruses, however, in a modified and "disarmed" form in order to make them utilizable as a therapeutic agent in humans.		
DB05828	LU-31130	investigational	LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects.		
DB05829	Parathyroid hormone	approved,investigational	Parathyroid hormone (PTH)  is a single-chain polypeptide composed of 84 amino acids.  Available as Preotact, it is an identical form of human recombinant hormome which produced as a fusion protein undergoeing post-translational processing involving the cleavage of the OmpA leader sequence, leaving the mature protein as a single-chain 84 amino-acids polypeptide (9.4 kDa).Preotact is used in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of osteoporotic fractures and is marketed in Europe by Nycomed. Preos is a registered trade mark owned by NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The name Preos and the New Drug Application is pending approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).		
DB05830	Trestolone	investigational	Trestolone (7α-methyl-19-nortestosterone) is a synthetic androgen developed by the Population Council as a potential candidate drug for use in hormonal male contraceptive methods. In males, regular administration of sufficient quantities of trestolone induces a state of temporary infertility.		
DB05831	ING-1	investigational	ING-1 is a high-affinity, human engineered trade mark monoclonal antibody that recognizes a 40 kilodalton epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) glycoprotein that is expressed in high levels on most adenocarcinomas. It is an attractive target for immunotherapy.		
DB05832	PPI-1019	investigational	Apan (PPI-1019) is developed by Praecis Pharmaceuticals to treat Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB05834	OC-1012	investigational	OC-1012 is a compound which has emerged as a promising therapeutic agent for the treatment and prevention of mucositis, a serious side effect of chemotherapy and head and neck radiation therapy.		
DB05835	NS-3728	investigational	NS3728 is an orally active chloride channel blocker for the treatment of cancer.		
DB05836	AG-702	investigational	AG-702 is a recombinant human heat shock protein also known as stress protein. It is also known as HSPs, which are a group of proteins that are induced when a cell undergoes various types of environmental stresses like heat, cold and oxygen deprivation. HSPs are present in all cells in all life forms from bacteria to mammals, and their structure and function are similar across these diverse life forms. This drug is developed by antigenics for the treatment of genital herpes infection and is under phase I of clinical trial.		
DB05837	OSI-7836	investigational	OSI-7836 is a member of the nucleoside class of cytotoxic drugs of which gemcitabine is the market leader. OSI Pharmaceuticals develops OSI-7836 as a next-generation gemcitabine. The anti-tumor activity of OSI-7836 appeares to be less schedule dependent than gemcitabine. It is also more active than ara-C (another clinically used nucleoside analog) in all nine models and more active than either paclitaxel or cisplatin in the two lung xenograft models tested. This drug shows no unexpected toxicities; those observed appeared to be similar to other nucleoside agents.		
DB05838	OPC-51803	investigational	OPC-51803 is the first nonpeptide vasopressin (AVP) V(2)-receptor-selective agonist. It is a V(2)-selective agonist that produces a significant antidiuretic action after single and multiple oral dosing in AVP-deficient and normal AVP states. It is useful therapeutic drug in the treatment of hypothalamic diabetes insipidus, nocturnal enuresis, and some kinds of urinary incontinence.		
DB05839	BG-777	investigational	BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.		
DB05840	AGI-1096	investigational	AGI-1096 is a novel oral antioxidant and selective anti-inflammatory agent that is being developed to address the accelerated inflammation of grafted blood vessels, known as transplant arteritis, common in chronic organ transplant rejection.		
DB05841	AI-128	investigational	AI-128 is the first human demonstration of sustained release drug administration in the lung. AI-128 consists of slowly dissolving microspheres designed to control where drug particles go in the lung and how quickly they release their drug.		
DB05842	AI-850	investigational	AI-850 is a Cremophor(R)-free formulation of paclitaxel, the active ingredient in Taxol(R), a product used to treat a variety of solid tumors.		
DB05843	trans NV-04	investigational	trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which  shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.		
DB05845	NV-07a	investigational	NV-07a is topical skin repair compound protecting skin from sun-induced immunosuppression and UV-induced damage.		
DB05846	Mito-4509	investigational	Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways.  It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders.		
DB05848	humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody	investigational	The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.		
DB05849	NCX 950	investigational	NCX 950, beta2-adrenoceptor agonists is widely used in the treatment of pulmonary diseases.		
DB05851	Biomed 101	investigational	Biomed 101 is investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and renal cell carcinoma. Biomed 101 is a solid. Biomed 101 binds to the leukotriene B4 receptor, but does not affect interleukin-2 antitumor activity.		
DB05852	cryopreserved human liver cells	investigational	Vesta Therapeutics is a privately held company developing cell therapeutics for liver repair and regeneration. The Company's technology is centered on the isolation, expansion, and cryopreservation of liver cells (human hepatocytes) obtained from organ donor livers that are not suitable for whole organ transplantation.		
DB05854	CLX-0921	investigational	CLX-0921 is investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2. CLX-0921 is a solid. CLX-0921 has a spectrum of activity that differs from commercially available thiazolidinediones. This substance targets the protein peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. It is a pharmacologically active antihyperglycemic agent that acts by increasing peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin.		
DB05855	Rivanicline	investigational	Rivanicline (TC-2403, RJR-2403, (E)-metanicotine) is a partial agonist at neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, binding primarily to the α4β2 subtype. It was originally developed as a potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease for its nootropic effects but has also been found to inhibit the production of Interleukin-8. It has subsequently been developed as a potential anti-inflammatory treatment for ulcerative colitis. Rivanicline also has stimulant and analgesic actions which are thought due to increased noradrenaline release.		
DB05856	CPD 923	investigational	CPD 923 (N-butylgalactonorjirimycin) is an iminosugar and an analogue of ZavescaTM. It shows efficacy in vivo studies, as well as a favourable pre-clinical tolerability profile.		
DB05857	Q-Derp1	investigational	Q-Derp1 is developed by Cytos Biotechnology as an immunodrug. It is an antigen for the prevention of various major chronic diseases. Derp1 is the dominant allergic protein found in dust mite feces.		
DB05858	BI-K0376	investigational	BI-K0376 is investigated for use/treatment in acne. BI-K0376 is a solid. It is under investigation by Pfizer and has gone through phase I of the clinical trails.		
DB05859	PI-166	investigational	PI-166 is a small organic compound with specific avidity to liver cancer cells. It has demonstrated the ability to reduce the growth of rat hepatomas, which is like human hepatomas, are resistant to established anti-cancer agents.		
DB05860	Peginterferon alfacon-1	investigational	PEGylation is a technology for the chemical attachment of polyethylene glycol (PEG) polymer chains to a broad range of drug substances such as peptides and proteins including antibody fragments; small molecules, and other drugs. [Infergen] is a bio-engineered type I interferon alpha that is FDA-approved for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C infections.		
DB05861	Tasquinimod	investigational	The quinoline-3-carboxamide anti-angiogenic agent, tasquinimod, enhances the anti-prostate cancer efficacy of androgen ablation and taxotere without effecting serum PSA directly in human xenografts		
DB05863	TRX1	investigational	TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.		
DB05864	PPI-2458	investigational	PPI-2458 represents a potentially new and important addition to the growing list of therapeutics aimed at specific molecular oncology targets. PPI-2458 is a novel, proprietary molecule belonging to the fumagillin class of compounds that specifically targets the MetAP-2 enzyme. This class of compounds has been shown to prevent both abnormal cell growth and the formation of new blood vessels (known as angiogenesis), which contribute to the growth of aberrant tissues in diseases such as cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. Clinical development with previous fumagillin derivatives has been limited by their toxicity profile. In preclinical studies to date, PPI-2458 has demonstrated the potent pharmacologic activity of this class of compounds while displaying an improved pharmacokinetic and toxicity profile.		
DB05865	VIT-100	investigational	VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.		
DB05866	ETC-1001	investigational	ETC-1001 is Pfizer’s lead oral small molecule product candidate which  is intended to be a chronic treatment for individuals with lipid disorders.		
DB05867	99mTc-14 F7 Mab	investigational	99mTc 14F7 Mab has strong anti tumor activity against myeloma cells in vivo. Growth inhibition and prolonged survival of the myeloma tumor were obtained as evidences of anti tumor effect after treatment with 99mTc 14F7 Mab.		
DB05868	Ciluprevir	investigational	The compound, named BILN 2061, is an orally active inhibitor of the HCV NS3 protease and the first member of this new drug class to be tested in humans.		
DB05869	Ethyl pyruvate	investigational	CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a  potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.		
DB05870	anti-alpha5Beta1-integrin antibody	investigational	Integrins are important adhesion molecules that regulate tumor and endothelial cell survival, proliferation and migration. The integrin alpha5beta1 has been shown to play a critical role during angiogenesis. anti-alpha5beta1 integrin antibody inhibits angiogenesis, including vessel formation induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), as well as other pro-angiogenic growth factors.		
DB05871	UC-781	investigational	UC-781 is a thiocarboxanilide non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI). It is a topical microbicide targeted against the AIDS virus.		
DB05873	AVI-4020	investigational	AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).		
DB05874	AEOL 10150	investigational	AEOL 10150 is developed by Aeolus as a therapeutic agents based on its proprietary small molecule catalytic antioxidants.		
DB05875	Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P	investigational	Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is a neurokinin-1 receptor agonist. It is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species.		
DB05879	AME-527	investigational	AME-527 is a humanized monoclonal antibody that recognizes human TNF-alpha (hTNF-alpha) with high affinity and specificity. AME-527 was generated by protein engineering and identified from a library of antibody variants based on its improved binding properties.		
DB05880	MBT-0312	investigational	MediGene's newly acquired drug candidates MBT-0312 aim at a novel method of cancer therapy by "starving out" tumors.		
DB05881	EHT 0202	investigational	EHT 0202 is developed to treat neurodegenerative disorders by ExonHit Therapeutics.		
DB05882	CHF 4227	investigational	CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.		
DB05883	ABX-PTH	investigational	ABX-PTH is a fully human monoclonal antibody generated by Abgenix's technology platform. This drug targets and neutralizes the action of parathyroid hormone (PTH) for the treatment of a secondary hyperparathyroidism.		
DB05884	HCV-086	investigational	HCV-086 is a small molecule antiviral designed to block an enzyme required for the replication of the hepatitis C virus.		
DB05885	Seletracetam	investigational	Seletracetam is a pyrrolidone derivative and with a structural similarity to newer generation antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. It binds to the same target as levetiracetam but with higher affinity and has shown potent seizure suppression in models of acquired and genetic epilepsy with high CNS tolerability. It is predicted to have low drug-drug interactions and inhibition or induction of any major human metabolizing enzymes. Seletracetam was in Phase II clinical trials under the supervision of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) investigated as treatment of epilepsy and partial epilepsy however its development had been put on hold in July 2007. As of 2010, its production was further halted due to the investigation of a newer antiepileptic agent, brivaracetam.		
DB05886	NV-18	investigational	NV-18 is a product of the Novogen diphenolic synthetic analogue program that is creating drugs with diverse activities against specific types of cancer. Like phenoxodiol, NV-18 is broadly effective in the laboratory against almost all human cancer types, but NV-18 is distinctive in showing particular potency against melanoma and cholangiocarcinoma (cancer of the gall bladder).		
DB05887	TAFA-93	investigational	TAFA93 is a novel prodrug of the mTOR inhibitor rapamycin which has successfully completed Phase 1 clinical development. mTOR inhibitors are currently used in the prevention of organ rejection in transplantation, the treatment of autoimmune and oncological diseases, and as a component of coated stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease.		
DB05888	MEM 1414	investigational	MEM 1414 is a PDE4 inhibitor that is being evaluated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. This drug candidate has completed Phase 1 clinical trials. MEM 1414 works by blocking phosphodiesterase, an enzyme that breaks down an important brain chemical, cyclic AMP. It appears to work in the area of the brain where new memories are formed.		
DB05889	Inotuzumab ozogamicin	approved,investigational	Inotuzumab ozogamicin is an antibody-drug conjugate using linker and cytotoxic drug technology similar to that developed for the ground-breaking treatment Mylotarg ([DB00056]), which was approved by the US FDA in 2000 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukaemia. Inotuzumab ozogamicin consists of a recombinant humanised IgG4 kappa CD22-targeting monoclonal antibody covalently attached to calicheamicin derivative, N-acetyl-gamma-calicheamicin dimethylhydrazide, which is a potent DNA-binding cytotoxic agent [A20352]. Developed by Pfizer and UCB, inotuzumab ozogamicin was granted approval by EU in June 2017 followed by FDA on August 17th, 2017 for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). ALL is a rapidly progressing cancer of the bone marrow that is associated with high mortality rates and low therapeutic response from standard chemotherapies in relasping conditions. In a randomized trial, inotuzumab ozogamicin displayed higher percentages of patients undergoing longer periods of complete remission with no evidence of disease in comparison to patients receiving alternative chemotherapy [A20353].		
DB05890	Veglin	investigational	VEGF-AS (Veglin) is an anti-angiogenesis non-chemotherapy drug (angiogenesis inhibitor) that was developed by VasGene Therapeutics, Inc. for the treatment of a variety of malignancies including mesothelioma. Veglin is one of several newly developed non-chemotherapy drugs being tested for possible utilization in the ongoing struggle to combat malignant mesothelioma.		
DB05892	RI 624	investigational	RI 624 is a novel humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks nerve growth factor (NGF), a key mediator of acute and chronic pain. RI 624 is being developed by Rinat and is currently in Phase I clinical trials.		
DB05894	GT 389-255	investigational	Peptimmune’s lead product GT 389-255, is a novel lipase inhibitor and fat binding hydrogel polymer conjugate for the treatment of obesity which has completed single and multiple ascending dose (SAD and MAD) Phase I trials. It is expected to block fat absorption with fewer side effects than currently marketed lipase inhibitors.		
DB05895	HGS-TR2J	investigational	HGS-TR2J is a novel agonistic human monoclonal antibody to TRAIL Receptor 2, in patients with advanced solid malignancies. It is developed by Human Genome Sciences, Inc and is under Phase I of clinical trial.		
DB05896	Sirna-027	investigational	Sirna-027 is a chemically modified short interfering RNA(siRNA) targeting Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-1(VEGFR-1). VEGFR-1 is a key component of the clinically validated vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) pathway. Sirna-027 is developed by Sirna Therapeutics and is under the phase I of clinical trails. It is used to treat Macular degeneration.		
DB05897	rhIGFBP-3	investigational	rhIGFBP-3 (recombinant human insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3) is Insmed’s proprietary anti-cancer compound that has demonstrated significant decreases in cancerous growth in several models of human. It is developed by Insmed  and is currently under phase I of the clinical trail.		
DB05898	CERE-110	investigational	CERE-110 is a gene-therapy product that involves in vivo delivery of nerve growth factor (NGF) genes through an adeno-associated viral vector (AAV) delivery system. This drug is developed by Ceregene and currently under phase I of clinical trial.		
DB05899	IT-101	investigational	IT-101 is a conjugate of Insert's proprietary drug delivery molecule, Cyclosert, and the potent anti-cancer compound camptothecin.		
DB05903	KOS-1584	investigational	KOS-1584 is a second-generation epothilone. Epothilones are anticancer agents with a taxane-like mechanism of action that have demonstrated activity in taxane-resistant tumors. KOS-1584 is a second-generation compound with increased potency, favorable tissue distribution, and ease of formulation.		
DB05904	BLX-883	investigational	BLX-883 is a form of alfa interferon developed by Biolex for the treatment of hepatitis viral C. Alfa interferon is used in the treatment of hepatitis C, hepatitis B, and multiple cancers and its worldwide sales currently exceed $3 billion.		
DB05905	TD-2749	investigational	TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.		
DB05906	CCR5 mAb	investigational	CCR5 mAb is a fully human monoclonal antibody that specifically recognizes and binds the chemokine receptor CCR5, which is known to be a key facilitator of infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1). It was generated by HGS using the Abgenix XenoMouse technology.		
DB05911	RUS 3108	investigational	RUS 3108 is being developed for the treatment of atherosclerosis, the major cause of cardiovascular disorders such as heart attacks and stroke by Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories. The drug’s Phase I clinical trials have been initiated in Europe to assess safety of the drug compound in healthy volunteers.		
DB05912	REN-850	investigational	REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.		
DB05913	OSI-930	investigational	OSI-930 is an orally active inhibitor of two clinically validated targets: c-Kit and the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2). OSI-930 is designed to target both cancer cell proliferation and blood vessel growth (angiogenesis) in selected tumors. In preclinical studies, OSI-930 shows broad efficacy in tumor models representative of small cell lung cancer, glioblastoma, colorectal, renal, head and neck, non-small cell lung cancer and gastric cancers.		
DB05915	MYO-029	investigational	MYO-029 is a human anti-GDF-8 monoclonal antibody, which is being developed to treat muscle-wasting diseases including muscular dystrophy and age-related sarcopenia.		
DB05916	CT-011	investigational	CT-011 is a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against a B7 family-associated protein, in patients with advanced haematological malignancies. It is directed against human PD-1 (programmed cell death 1; PDCD1), with immunomodulating and antitumor activities.		
DB05918	LS11	investigational	LS11(talaporfin sodium) is an agent consisting of chlorin e6, derived from chlorophyll, and L-aspartic acid with photosensitizing activity. After intratumoral activation by light emitting diodes, taporfin sodium forms an extended high energy conformational state that generates singlet oxygen, resulting in free radical-mediated cell death. It is used to treat many kinds of cancers.		
DB05919	DDP-200	investigational	DDP200 is developed by Dynogen for the treatment of non-incontinent form of overactive bladder (OAB) with particular focus on both male and female patients with urinary frequency, urinary urgency and nocturia.		
DB05920	RTA 744	investigational	RTA 744 is a novel anthracycline derivative that crosses the blood-brain barrier and shows significant potential for the treatment of primary and metastatic brain cancers. Anthracyclines are one of the most broadly used and effective classes of cancer therapies; however, they are not used to treat brain cancers because current therapies do not cross the blood-brain barrier.		
DB05924	NLX-P101	investigational	NLX-P101, gene therapy is developed by Neurologix to treat Parkinson’s disease. The gene is glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), whose product synthesizes the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain, (gamma)-aminobutyric acid (GABA), and targets the subthalamic nucleus (STN), which is overactive in patients with Parkinson’s disease. NLX-P101 is being evaluated as a therapeutic drug when injected into this deep brain structure that is known to function abnormally in Parkinson’s patients.		
DB05928	Dovitinib	investigational	Dovitinib is an orally active small molecule that exhibits potent inhibitory activity against multiple RTKs involved in tumor growth and angiogenesis. Preclinical data show that dovitinib works to inhibit multiple kinases associated with different cancers, including acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and multiple myeloma. Chiron currently has three ongoing Phase I clinical trials for dovitinib.		
DB05929	GPI-0100	investigational	GPI-0100 is Avantogen’s lead adjuvanat-immunopotentiator, a key component of vaccines for boosting the immune response.The GPI-0100 adjuvant, which has been shown to significantly enhance the immune response with a variety of vaccines, has been shown to have good overall performance characteristics on safety and efficacy.		
DB05930	SB-559448	investigational	SB-559448 is a small-molecule drug that mimics the activity of thrombopoietin (TPO), a protein factor that promotes growth and production of blood platelets. This drug is developed by GlaxoSmithKline and used to treat Thrombocytopenia.Thrombocytopenia (decreased platelet count) is a common side effect of many chemotherapies and can lead to uncontrolled bleeding, thus representing a significant problem in the treatment of cancer patients.		
DB05931	Pegdinetanib	investigational	CT-322 is a proprietary Adnectin(TM) protein therapeutic that, in preclinical studies, specifically binds to vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR-2), which regulates the primary tumor angiogenesis pathway. As a result, CT-322 blocks all known ligands for VEGFR-2.		
DB05932	Denibulin	investigational	Denibulin is a novel small molecule Vascular Disrupting Agent under development by MediciNova for treatment of solid tumor cancers.		
DB05934	CTCE-0214	investigational	CTCE-0214 is a stable peptide agonist of stromal cell-derived factor-1 (SDF-1), a key signaling molecule in the proliferation, homing, engraftment and expansion of hematopoietic stem cells and white blood cells.		
DB05936	CVT-6883	investigational	CVT-6883 is a selective, potent and orally available A2B-adenosine receptor antagonist which CV Therapeutics is investigating for the potential treatment of asthma and other conditions related to inflammation and fibrosis.		
DB05938	Edonerpic	investigational	Edonerpic is a neurotrophic agent intended for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease which is under phase I clinical trial.		
DB05939	MK-0354	investigational	MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.		
DB05941	Leronlimab	investigational	Leronlimab, or PRO-140, is a human monoclonal antibody developed by CytoDyn.[L12684] It was first described in the literature in 2001.[A3922] This antibody binds to CCR5, which may be useful in treating HIV, cancers, and severely ill COVID-19 patients.[A192846,A192858,L12684]		
DB05942	GI-5005	investigational	GI-5005 is GlobeImmune's lead infectious disease product from its proprietary Tarmogen active immunotherapy platform for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection. GI-5005 is whole, heat-killed recombinant yeast genetically modified to express HCV-specific protein targets. Tarmogens are believed to activate both an innate immune response via Toll-like receptors (TLRs), as well as an adaptive, antigen specific cellular immune response.		
DB05943	Resatorvid	investigational	Resatorvid is an investigational compound designed for the treatment of severe sepsis.		
DB05944	Varlitinib	investigational	Varlitinib is an oral, selective, reversible, small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor of both ErbB-2 (Her-2/neu) and EGFR. Over-expression of ErbB-2 and EGFR receptors in tumors is predictive of poor prognosis in cancer patients. Varlitinib has shown significant anti-tumor activity in preclinical models of human breast, lung, and epidermal carcinoma tumors.		
DB05945	MDX-1303	investigational	MDX-1303 is a fully human antibody against the inhalation anthrax, the most lethal form of illness in humans caused by the Bacillus anthracis bacterium, and targets a protein component of these lethal toxins known as the anthrax protective antigen.		
DB05950	Contulakin-G	investigational	Contulakin-G is a broad spectrum non-opioid analgesic. It is the synthetic form of a natural peptide extracted from the venom of the Conus Geographus sea snail.		
DB05956	EVT-101	investigational			
DB05959	ENMD-1198	investigational			
DB05961	PPL-100	investigational			
DB05964	Amitifadine	investigational			
DB05966	TAS-108	investigational			
DB05967	ANZ-100	investigational			
DB05968	PR-104	investigational			
DB05969	SNS-032	investigational			
DB05971	Archexin	investigational			
DB05973	Inosine 5'-sulfate	investigational			
DB05974	Transcrocetinate	investigational	Vitamin A-analog that increases diffusivity of oxygen in aqueous solutions, including plasma.		
DB05983	Bardoxolone methyl	investigational			
DB05984	RAF-265	investigational			
DB05990	Obeticholic acid	approved	Primary biliary cirrhosis, or PBC, is a progressive and chronic condition that leads to hepatic injury often resulting in end-stage liver failure that requires liver transplantation.[A192786]Obeticholic acid is a farnesoid-X receptor (FXR) agonist used to treat this condition, possibly allowing for increased survival.[A18696]  In 2016, it was granted approval to treat primary biliary cholangitis in combination with [ursodeoxycholic acid], which was previously the mainstay treatment for this condition.[A18696,L12633] Obeticholic acid is currently being considered for FDA approval to treat fibrosis caused by non-alcoholic liver steatohepatitis (NASH). The NDA from Intercept Pharmaceuticals was approved in November 2019 and obeticholic acid is expected to be granted full approval for this indication in 2020.[L12636]		
DB05992	Plinabulin	investigational			
DB05993	PRX-07034	investigational			
DB05996	Glembatumumab vedotin	investigational	A conjugate of an anti-glycoprotein non-metastatic melanoma protein B mAb and monomethyl auristatin E for the treatment of melanoma and breast cancer.		
DB06005	Adomiparin	investigational			
DB06011	AMG-222	investigational			
DB06013	Aldoxorubicin	investigational	Aldoxorubicin, an antineoplastic agents, is an albumin-binding prodrug of doxorubicin.		
DB06014	Eteplirsen	approved,investigational	Eteplirsen is a phosphoramidite morpholino sequence complementary to a portion of exon 51. [A18677]  It  exerts it's mechanism of action by forcing the exclusion of exon 51 from the mature DMD mRNA. [A18677]		
DB06016	Cariprazine	approved,investigational	Cariprazine is an antipsychotic drug developed by Gedeon Richter and marketed by Actavis under the trade name Vraylar. Cariprazine acts as a D2 and D3 receptor partial agonist, with high selectivity towards the D3 receptor. This mechanism is relatively unique, since many other antipsychotics are D2 and 5-HT2A agonists. Cariprazine was approved by the FDA in September 2015 and is indicated in the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Action on the dopaminergic systems makes it also potentially useful as an add-on therapy in major depressive disorder.		
DB06021	AV-412	investigational			
DB06022	GlycoPEG-GCSF	investigational	GlycoPEG-GCSF is a long-acting GlycoPEGylated granulocyte colony stimulating factor for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia.		
DB06039	PA-1050040	investigational	PA1050040, a second generation HIV-1 maturation inhibitor, is a chemical analog of Bevirimat (BVM). It inhibits virus replication by the same mechanism of action as BVM.		
DB06040	Filanesib	investigational	Filanesib is a potent Kinesin Spindle Protein (KSP) inhibitor that caused marked tumor regression in preclinical models of human solid tumors and human leukemias, often leading to durable responses.		
DB06042	ZEN-012	investigational	ZEN-012 is a novel small molecule and the first anti-cancer drug in development involving two mechanisms of action: tubulin and topoisomerase II inhibition. ZEN-012 also expresses additional modes of action such as pro-apoptotic and anti-angiogenic properties. It is developed for the treatment of solid tumors.		
DB06043	Olaratumab	approved,investigational	Olaratumab (IMC-3G3) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody with antitumor activity that selectively binds the external domain of human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-α with high affinity and blocks ligand binding. It is composed of two heavy chain molecule fragments and 2 light chain fragments. Studies show that the treatment of olaratumab in combination with doxorubicin resulted in significant reduction of cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth. Olaratumab was granted accelerated approval (as Lartruvo) as initial therapy to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS) in October, 2016.		
DB06045	Trofinetide	investigational	Trofinetide (NNZ-2566), a neuroprotective analogue of [glypromate], is a novel molecule that has a profile suitable for both intravenous infusion and chronic oral delivery. It is currently in development to treat traumatic brain injury.		
DB06049	IPH 2101	investigational	IPH-2101 (NN-1975), a fully human monoclonal antibody developed for patients with acute myeloid leukemia.		
DB06050	TB-402	investigational	TB-402 is a human antibody binding to Factor VIII, which plays a crucial role in the coagulation of the blood. It is expected to be developed as a potential treatment to prevent blood clot formation in connection with certain types of heart arrhythmia, such as atrial fibrillation.		
DB06058	XTL-6865	investigational	XTL-6865 is a combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies (Ab68 and Ab65) against the hepatitis C virus E2 envelope protein. It is being developed to prevent HCV re-infection following a liver transplant and for the treatment of chronic HCV disease.		
DB06061	AZD-8330	investigational	AZD-8330 is a potent, selective, orally active MEK inhibitor that blocks signal transduction pathways implicated in cancer cell proliferation and survival. AZD-8330 has shown tumor suppressive activity in multiple preclinical models of human cancer including melanoma, pancreatic, colon, lung, and breast cancers.		
DB06063	CAM-2029	investigational	CAM2029 is a new ready-to-use, long-acting octreotide formulation being developed for the long-term treatment of acromegaly, carcinoid syndrome and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP)-producing tumours. CAM2029 was found to provide long-acting release of octreotide resulting in a statistically significant suppression of a clinical biomarker insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) over the target one-month therapeutic period.		
DB06064	KAI-1455	investigational	KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.		
DB06069	XMT-1001	investigational	XMT-1001 is a polymer-based prodrug of camptothecin (CPT), a well-characterized topoisomerase I inhibitor with potent anti-tumor activity. It is a water-soluble macromolecular conjugate of camptothecin (CPT). In this novel CPT pro-drug, CPT is conjugated with a 70 kDa biodegradable hydrophilic polyacetal, poly (1-hydroxymethylene hydroxylmethylformal). XMT-1001 has demonstrated an improved therapeutic window as compared with CPT and irinotecan in human tumor xenografts models		
DB06070	SNX-5422	investigational	SNX-5422 is a synthetic, novel, small molecule Hsp90 Inhibitor. As an oral formulation that demonstrates strong efficacy and tolerability, SNX-5422 is positioned as a breakthrough therapy with broad applicability across a wide range of cancers.		
DB06071	DTS-201	investigational	DTS-201 is a prodrug of doxorubicin, a widely used anti-cancer drug that Diatos intends to develop for the treatment of various solid tumors. It is activated in the tumor environment.DTS-201 may be suitable for the treatment of many types of solid tumors, including tumors sensitive to doxorubicin and potentially other tumors which are not currently treated with doxorubicin but which express high levels of CD-10* or TOP** peptidases, such as prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancer and some types of renal cancer.		
DB06073	CTS-21166	investigational	CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.		
DB06075	Linsitinib	investigational	An orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) with potential antineoplastic activity. IGF-1R inhibitor OSI-906 selectively inhibits IGF-1R, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis.		
DB06077	Lumateperone	approved,investigational	Schizophrenia is a complex mental illness and impacts approximately 1% of the population.[L10902] Although there are several antipsychotics including [aripiprazole], [paliperidone] and [clozapine] available for clinical use, they are generally accompanied by significant metabolic and/or neurological adverse effects.[A189093]Lumateperone is a newly approved 2nd generation antipsychotic currently indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia.[A189093] It has a unique receptor binding profile and differs from other antipsychotics in that it modulates glutamate, serotonin and dopamine, which are all neurotransmitters that contribute to the pathophysiology of schizophrenia.[A189093,A189174]The data so far indicates that lumateperone can alleviate both positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.[A189093] Further, not only is the new antipsychotic selective for dopamine (D2) receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical brain regions, but it also has minimal off-target activity.[A189093] Both characteristics lend to a more favourable adverse effect profile and ultimately safer drug.[A189093,L10908]		
DB06080	ABT-869	investigational	ABT-869 is a small molecule vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor-based kinase inhibitor that is designed to suppress tumor growth by preventing the formation of new blood vessels that supply the tumor with oxygen and nutrients and by inhibiting key angiogenic signaling pathways. ABT-869 is intended for the treatment of hematologic malignancies and the solid tumors.		
DB06081	Caplacizumab	approved,investigational	Caplacizumab, firstly called ALX-0081, is a humanized single-variable-domain immunoglobulin consisting of two identical humanized building blocks genetically linked by a three-alanine linker. Caplacizumab was developed by Ablynx, a Sanofi company and FDA approved on February 6, 2019,[L5302] and approved previously by the EU in October 2018 as a combination therapy with plasma exchange and immunosuppression.[A174634]		
DB06082	PX-478	investigational	PX-478 is a small molecule inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF)-1 alpha currently in a clinical trial in patients with advanced metastatic cancer and lymphoma. PX-478 was effective in models of both non-small cell lung cancerand small cell lung cancer that express HIF-1 alpha.		
DB06083	Tapinarof	investigational	Tapinarof is targeted as a topical cream treatment for psoriasis, a chronic autoimmune skin disease.		
DB06087	Friulimicin B	investigational	Friulimicin B is a naturally occurring antibiotic produced by a micro-organism, *Actinoplanes friuliensis*. It shows strong cidal activity against a number of Gram-positive pathogens which commonly cause serious infections in hospital patients and which are becoming more routinely acquired in the community.		
DB06089	ICA-105665	investigational	ICA-105665 is a novel small molecule compound for the treatment of epilepsy. It is a novel opener of the KCNQ ion channel which in preclinical studies has demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity in models of epilepsy.  In addition, ICA-105665 has also demonstrated activity in certain models of neuropathic pain.		
DB06090	Bradanicline	investigational	Bradanicline, a novel small molecule that modulates the activity of the neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) subtype known as alpha7(α7). Bradanicline belongs to a new class of drugs for the treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders.		
DB06091	Evofosfamide	investigational	TH-302 is a novel cancer therapeutic specifically activated under the low oxygen or "hypoxic" conditions typical of solid tumor cancer cells. TH-302 is a nitroimidazole-linked prodrug of a brominated derivative of an isophosphoramide mustard previously used in cancer drugs such as ifosfamide, cyclophosphamide, and glufosfamide. TH-302 has been shown, in preclinical studies, to be both efficacious and well tolerated.		
DB06093	ABT-560	investigational	ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.		
DB06094	Apatorsen	investigational	Apatorsen is a second generation antisense drug which in preclinical experiments, inhibits production of Heat Shock Protein 27 (Hsp27) a cell survival protein found at elevated levels in many human cancers including prostate, lung, breast, ovarian, bladder, renal, pancreatic, multiple myeloma and liver cancer.		
DB06096	NXN-188	investigational	NXN-188 is a first-in-class, dual-action small molecule incorporating both neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) inhibition and 5-HT agonism that is being developed for the treatment of acute migraine.		
DB06097	GSK-923295	investigational	GSK-923295 is a small-molecule inhibitor of the mitotic kinesin centromere-associated protein E (CENP-E), and the third novel drug candidate to arise from Cytokinetics' broad strategic alliance with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). GSK-923295 demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity against a range of human tumor xenografts grown in nude mice, including models of colon, breast, ovarian, lung and other tumors. GSK-923295 is the first drug candidate to enter human clinical trials that specifically targets CENP-E and is currently in Phase I human clinical trials being conducted by GSK.		
DB06098	PRLX 93936	investigational	PRLX 93936 is selectively toxic to cancer cells.		
DB06101	IMC-1C11	investigational	IMC-1C11 is an anti-angiogenesis agent. It is a chimeric anti-kinase insert domain-containing receptor (KDR) antibody that blocks VEGFR-KDR interaction and inhibits VEGFR-induced endothelial cell proliferation. IMC-1C11 is used for treatment of patients with liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma.		
DB06103	VX-148	investigational	VX-148 is a second-generation, orally administered inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH). The IMPDH enzyme plays a key role in regulating immune response and proliferation of specific cell types, including lymphocytes. VX-148 is a developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases.		
DB06106	AIT-034	investigational	AIT-034 is a distinct chemical analog of hypoxanthine and pyrollidone that has been demonstrated in animal studies to enhance memory and to reverse memory deficits in severely impaired animals that do not respond to Neotrofin. AIT-034 does not induce the production of NGF, and its mechanism of action is therefore believed to be different than Neotrofin. There is some evidence that AIT-034 could complement Neotrofin as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease and dementia.		
DB06109	YKP-1358	investigational	YKP1358 is a novel serotonin (5-HT2A) and dopamine (D2) antagonist that has demonstrated potent activity in animals that relates to both positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In addition, the YKP1358 pharmacological profile suggests a very low potential for extrapyramidal side effects.		
DB06111	AB192	experimental	AB192 is a DPP IV enzymatic activity inhibitor.		
DB06112	3,4-Methylenedioxy-N-isopropylamphetamine	investigational	MDI-P has demonstrated potent anti-HIV activity. MDI-P has been shown to be effective in killing HIV in cell culture. HIV is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS). MDI-P is also a potential therapeutic agent for the treatment of the symptoms of cystic fibrosis ("CF").		
DB06116	Eldelumab	investigational	MDX-1100, a fully human antibody that targets IP10 (also known as CXCL10), a chemokine expressed in association with multiple inflammatory disease indications, such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and multiple sclerosis.		
DB06117	1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2	investigational	LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.		
DB06119	Cenobamate	approved,investigational	Cenobamate, or YKP-3089, is an antiepileptic drug developed by SK Pharmaceuticals and used to treat partial onset seizures.[A188442,L10653] The exact mechanism of action has not been described in the literature, though it positively modulates GABA<sub>A</sub> and inhibits voltage gated sodium channels.[L10653]Cenobamate was granted FDA approval on 21 November 2019.[L10653]		
DB06124	L-aminocarnityl-succinyl-leucyl-argininal-diethylacetal	investigational	C-101, also called Myodur, is developed for the treatment of Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy (DMD) which is a morbid genetic disease that can lead to death in late adolescence due to accelerated skeletal muscle breakdown. C-101 includes a carnitine carrier molecule and a leupeptin analogue, a known calpain inhibitor. Calpain is the primary protease that degrades skeletal muscle.		
DB06127	Bisegliptin	investigational	Bisegliptin is a compound for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is an orally active, dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPPIV) inhibitor which lowers blood glucose levels by blocking the degradation of the hormone GLP-1 thereby stimulating glucose-dependent insulin secretion and lowering blood glucose levels without hypoglycemic effects.		
DB06129	SVV-001	investigational	SVV-001 is investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors and lung cancer. SVV-001 is a solid. SVV-001 (Seneca Valley Virus) is a novel native picornavirus being developed as a systemically deliverable oncolytic virus for treatment of human cancers with neuroendocrine features. SVV-001 has also demonstrated cancer-killing specificity 10,000 times higher than that of traditional chemotherapeutics with no overt toxicity at doses one million times higher than effective doses in mice.		
DB06130	FAV-201	investigational	FAV-201 is a patient-specific immunotherapy for the treatment of T-cell lymphoma.		
DB06133	Dimethylcurcumin	investigational	Dimethylcurcumin is a synthetic chemical compound that is loosely based on a compound found in curcumin. It is a novel anti-androgen that enhances androgen receptor degradation.		
DB06134	SNS-314	investigational	SNS-314 is a potent and selective inhibitor of Aurora kinases A, B, and C. Proliferating cells treated with SNS-314 bypass the mitotic spindle checkpoint and fail to undergo cytokinesis, leading to multiple rounds of endoreduplication and eventually cell death. SNS-314 inhibits tumor growth in a variety of preclinical models, and it is now being tested in single agent Phase 1 studies in patients with advanced solid tumours.		
DB06137	Tirbanibulin	approved,investigational	Tirbanibulin (KX-O1 or KX2–391) is a dual inhibitor of Src Kinase and tubulin.[A225726] On December 14, 2020, tirbanibulin was approved by the FDA for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis on the face or scalp. It is marketed under the brand name Klisyri.[L27806] Actinic keratosis is a chronic condition characterized by lesions, which can potentially transform into invasive squamous cell carcinoma with a risk of 1% over 10 years.[A225721,A225741] Tirbanibulin blocks the molecular pathways that promote the proliferation, survival, and metastasis of malignant cells. Tirbanibulin exhibits antitumour effects in vitro and in vivo [A225791] and has been investigated for its antitumor efficacy in the management of various cancers, such as prostate cancer and breast cancer.[A225726,A225731,A225736]		
DB06138	IRL-1620	investigational	SPI-1620 is an endothelin B receptor agonist. In animal models SPI-1620 selectively and transiently increases tumor blood flow allowing increased delivery of anticancer agents to the tumor. It is being developed as an adjunct to chemotherapy.		
DB06140	SUVN-502	investigational	SUVN-502 is a novel, potent, safe, highly selective and orally active antagonist at a central nervous system serotonin receptor site 5-HT6 intended for treatment of cognitive disorders such as Alzheimer’s and Schizophrenia, an unmet medical need.		
DB06144	Sertindole	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Sertindole, a neuroleptic, is one of the newer antipsychotic medications available. Serdolect is developed by the Danish pharmaceutical company H. Lundbeck. It is a phenylindole derivative used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It was first marketed in 1996 in several European countries before being withdrawn two years later because of numerous cardiac adverse effects. It has once again been approved and should soon be available on the French and Australian market.		
DB06145	Spiramycin	approved	Spiramycin is a primarily bacteriostatic macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens that has been available in oral formulations since 1955, and parenteral formulations since 1987. Resistant organisms include Enterobacteria, pseudomonads, and moulds.		
DB06147	Sulfathiazole	approved,vet_approved	Sulfathiazole is a short-acting sulfa drug. It used to be a common oral and topical antimicrobial until less toxic alternatives were discovered. It is still occasionally used, sometimes in combination with sulfabenzamide and sulfacetamide.		
DB06148	Mianserin	approved,investigational	A tetracyclic compound with antidepressant effects. Mianserin was previously available internationally, however in most markets it has been phased out in favour of [mirtazapine].		
DB06149	Teicoplanin	approved,investigational	Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic consisting of a mixture of several compounds, five major (named teicoplanin A2-1 through A2-5) and four minor (named teicoplanin RS-1 through RS-4). All teicoplanins share a same glycopeptide core, teicoplanin A3-1, but differ in the length and conformation of side chains attached to their β-D-glucosamine moiety.		
DB06150	Sulfadimethoxine	approved,vet_approved	Sulfadimethoxine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. Sulfadimethoxine is used to treat many infections including treatment of respiratory, urinary tract, enteric, and soft tissue infections. It is most frequently used in veterinary medicine, although it is approved in some countries for use in humans. Sulfadimethoxine inhibits bacterial synthesis of folic acid (pteroylglutamic acid) from para-aminobenzoic acid. Sulfadimethoxine is approved in Russia for use in humans, including children, and has been successfully used there for more than 35 years. It is widely available in Russia as an over-the-counter drug manufactured by a number of Russian pharmaceutical companies.		
DB06151	Acetylcysteine	approved,investigational	Acetylcysteine (also known as N-acetylcysteine or N-acetyl-L-cysteine or NAC) is primarily used as a mucolytic agent and in the management of acetaminophen poisoning.  It is a derivative of cysteine with an acetyl group attached to the amino group of cysteine.  NAC is essentially a prodrug that is converted to cysteine (in the intestine by the enzyme aminoacylase 1) and absorbed in the intestine into the blood stream.  Cysteine is a key constituent to glutathione and hence administration of acetylcysteine replenishes glutathione stores. Acetylcysteine can also be used as a general antioxidant which can help mitigate symptoms for a variety of diseases exacerbated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). For instance, acetylcysteine is commonly used in individuals with renal impairment to prevent the precipitation of acute renal failure. Acetylcysteine has been shown to have efficacy in treating mild to moderate traumatic brain injury including ischemic brain injury, particularly in reducing neuronal losses, and also reducing cognitive and neurological symptoms when administered promptly after injury. N-acetylcysteine is now widely used in the treatment of HIV, and it has reported efficacy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and contrast-induced nephropathy. Acetylcysteine is also being successfully used to treat a variety of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders including cocaine, cannabis, and smoking addictions, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, autism, compulsive and grooming disorders, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder.  Recent data also shows that N-acetylcysteine inhibits muscle fatigue and can be used to enhance performance in endurance events and in exercise and endurance training.Acetylcysteine is also undergoing clinical trials as RK-0202, an oral rinse for the prevention and treatment of mucositis. It is comprised of acetylcysteine in a polymer matrix.		
DB06152	Nylidrin	approved	Nylidrin, also known as _buphenine_ belongs to the category of drugs called _vasodilators_, which relax blood vessels and increase blood flow. Nylidrin is a peripheral vasodilator. Some studies show the evidence of improving cognitive impairment in selected individuals, such as geriatric patients with mild to moderate symptoms of cognitive, emotional and physical impairment [L2279].Nylidrin is utilized to treat several disorders that may benefit from increased blood flow (for example, certain mental disorders, blood vessel disease due to diabetes, frostbite, night leg cramps, and certain types of ulcers). This medication works by dilating (widening) blood vessels to help increase blood flow (improving circulation) throughout the body, including the extremities and central nervous system. This effect may help to improve memory/judgment, improve walking ability, and support the healing of frostbite/ulcers [L2283].FDA has considered nylidrin as "lacking substantial evidence of effectiveness" in cerebral ischemia, cerebral arteriosclerosis, and other cerebral circulatory insufficiencies. Therefore, the FDA has withdrawn nylidrin from the U.S. market [L2286].		
DB06153	Pizotifen	approved	Pizotifen belongs to the class of antamines and is related to [DB00434] [A32532]. It is a potent serotonin and tryptamine antagonist that has been used for migraine prevention for many years. It exhibits weak anticholinergic, antihistamine, and antikinin actions in addition to sedative and appetite-stimulating properties [L2292]. Some patients receiving pizotifen treatment developed tolerance with the prolonged use of the drug [L2292]. Numerous studies have revealed the potential antidepressant effects of pizotifen, which are independent of its antimigraine action [A32538]. While it is suggested that pizotifen may act similarly to the classic tricyclic antidepressants [A32538], its full mechanism of antidepressant action is not fully elucidated. Pizotifen hydrochloride is an active ingredient in Sandomigran, which is used for the prophylactic management of migraines. Sandomigran is available in a number of countries but is not approved by the FDA nor EMA.		
DB06154	Pentaerythritol tetranitrate	approved	Pentaerythritol tetranitrate is the nitrate ester of pentaerythritol that possesses explosive properties. When mixed with a plasticizer, this chemical forms a plastic explosive. It is recognized by the FDA to be a coronary vasodilator in the treatment of heart conditions such as angina [L2395].It is a pentaerythritol nitrate in which all four hydroxy groups of pentaerythritol have been converted to the corresponding nitrate ester. It is a vasodilator with properties that are quite similar to those of glyceryl trinitrate, however, with a more prolonged duration of action. It is also one of the most powerful high explosives known and is a component of the plastic explosive known as Semtex [L2393].PETN has the chemical formula C5H8N4O12. It is formed by reacting pentaerythritol (C5H12O4), an alcohol commonly used in paints and varnishes, with nitric acid (HNO2). The reacting solution is chilled to precipitate the PETN.  It is then filtered out, washed, dried, and recrystallized to produce a colorless crystalline material that is stored and shipped as a mixture with water and alcohol [L2394].Interestingly, this drug was studied for potential benefits in chronic ischemic heart failure patients.  PETN targeting reactive oxygen species generation halted the changes of mitochondrial antioxidant enzymes and progressive fibrotic remodeling, leading to amelioration of cardiac functional performance in rats with ischemic heart failure [A32649].		
DB06155	Rimonabant	approved,investigational	Rimonabant is an anorectic anti-obesity drug produced and marketed by Sanofi-Aventis. It is an inverse agonist for the cannabinoid receptor CB1. Its main avenue of effect is reduction in appetite. Rimonabant is the first selective CB1 receptor blocker to be approved for use anywhere in the world. Rimonabant is approved in 38 countries including the E.U., Mexico, and Brazil. It was rejected for approval for use in the United States. This decision was made after a U.S. advisory panel recommended the medicine not be approved because it may increase suicidal thinking and depression.		
DB06156	Tesofensine	investigational			
DB06157	Istaroxime	investigational			
DB06159	Rubitecan	investigational			
DB06160	Garenoxacin	investigational	Garenoxacin, a quinolone antibiotic, is being investigated for the treatment of gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial infections.		
DB06161	Opebacan	investigational			
DB06162	Lumiliximab	investigational	Lumiliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is a primatized anti-CD23 macaque/human chimeric antibody that inhibits the production of the IgE antibody, for the potential treatment of allergic conditions. Lumiliximab was developed by IDEC Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Biogen. Clinical trials for CLL were terminated in 2010, and for allergic asthma in 2007. Results published from the CLL clinical trial failed to meet primary endpoints.		
DB06163	Plevitrexed	investigational			
DB06166	Fosdevirine	investigational			
DB06168	Canakinumab	approved,investigational	Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.		
DB06169	Indibulin	investigational			
DB06171	Paclitaxel trevatide	investigational	Three paclitaxel molecules linked by a cleavable succinyl ester linkage to a brain peptide vector, Angiopep-2, conjugate named ANG1005.		
DB06174	Noscapine	approved,investigational			
DB06176	Romidepsin	approved,investigational	Romidepsin is a selective inhibitor of histone deacetylase, approved in the US in 2009 for the treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) or/and peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) in patients who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. These indications are based on response rate. Clinical benefit such as improvement in overall survival has not been demonstrated.		
DB06177	Glufosfamide	investigational			
DB06178	Talotrexin	investigational			
DB06179	Darinaparsin	investigational			
DB06180	TG1024	investigational			
DB06181	IMO-2055	investigational			
DB06182	Talabostat	investigational			
DB06184	AEG35156	investigational	A second-generation synthetic antisense oligonucleotide with potential antineoplastic activity. AEG35156 selectively blocks the cellular expression of X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP), a pivotal inhibitor of apoptosis that is overexpressed in many tumors. This agent reduces total levels of XIAP in tumor cells, working synergistically with cytotoxic drugs to overcome tumor cell resistance to apoptosis. XIAP interferes with both the intrinsic and extrinsic program-death signaling pathways, which may render tumor cells resistant to apoptosis.		
DB06185	Forodesine	investigational	Forodesine is a highly potent, orally active, rationally designed PNP inhibitor that has shown activity in preclinical studies with malignant cells and clinical utility against T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Additional preliminary findings support its use for the management of some B-cell malignancies.		
DB06186	Ipilimumab	approved	Ipilimumab is a fully humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody that blocks cytotoxic T lymphocyte antigen-4 (CTLA-4).[L12126] Blocking CTLA-4 removes an inhibitory signal from reducing the activity of T lymphocytes.[A35065,A35080,L12126] Ipilimumab was developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex.[L12126]Ipilimumab was granted FDA approval on 25 March 2011.[L12126]		
DB06187	Valtorcitabine	investigational			
DB06188	Ispinesib	investigational			
DB06190	Solabegron	investigational	Solabegron (GW-427,353) is a selective β3 adrenoceptor agonist being developed for the treatment of overactive bladder and irritable bowel syndrome.		
DB06191	Zosuquidar	investigational	Zosuquidar is a compound of antineoplastic drug candidates currently under development. It is now in "Phase 3" of clinical tests in the United States. Its action mechanism consists of the inhibition of P-glycoproteins; other drugs with this mechanism include tariquidar and laniquidar.		
DB06192	Nimotuzumab	investigational			
DB06193	Pixantrone	approved,investigational	Pixantrone is an aza-anthracenedione and DNA intercalator which inhibits topoisomerase II. It is similar in structure to anthracyclines such as mitoxantrone, but exerts fewer toxic effects on cardiac tissue. [2] The lower cardio-toxic effects of pixantrone may be explained, in part, by its redox inactivity [3]. Pixantrone does not bind iron and promotes the formation of reactive oxygen species to a lesser degree than other anthracyclines. It also inhibits doxorubicinol formation in human myocardium. [3] As a result, it is believed to be less cardiotoxic while still exerting efficacy.  Pixantrone was designed to treat relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma(NHL) in patients who have failed two prior lines of therapy. [2] For patients suffering from NHL, first line therapies consist of anthracycline containing multi-drug treatments which unfortunately are known to cause irreversible myocardial tissue damage. Patients refractory to treatment, or those who relapse, are discouraged from further anthracycline use due to cumulative cardiotoxicity. Pixantrone dimaleate, administered intravenously, was designed by Cell Therapeutics Incorporated as an alternative second line therapy in refractory or relapsed NHL. It is currently being tested in Phase III trials. [2]Although pixantrone has not yet received FDA approval in the United States, it has been granted conditional marketing approval by the European Union. Conditional approval was granted by the European Medicines Agency after a phase III EXTEND trial of patients with NHL showed that pixantrone was tolerable and that it resulted in significantly higher complete response rate and progression free survival in comparison to other single chemotherapy agents. However, it is notable that the EXTEND trial was stopped early, leaving the statistical significance of the results in question. Based on this uncertainty, in 2009, the FDA ultimately rejected Cell Therapeutic's initial application for accelerated approval for pixantrone use in relapsed or refractory NHL. Another phase III trial, PIX-R, is now ongoing to clarify pixantrones place in therapy. It will compare pixantrone efficacy to that of gemcitabine. [2]		
DB06194	Elocalcitol	investigational	Elocalcitol is a calcitriol analog for inhibition of prostate cell growth; in phase II clinical trial in patients with benign prostate hyperplasia (4/2004).		
DB06195	Seliciclib	investigational	R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor that preferentially inhibits multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase of treated cells. Developed by Cyclacel, seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.		
DB06196	Icatibant	approved,investigational	Icatibant (Firazyr) is a synthetic peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, and acts as an effective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors. It has been approved in the EU for use in hereditary angioedema, and is under investigation for a number of other conditions in which bradykinin is thought to play a significant role. Icatibant currently has orphan drug status in the United States and FDA approved on August 25, 2011.		
DB06197	Bimosiamose	investigational			
DB06198	Alovudine	investigational			
DB06199	Atrasentan	investigational	Atrasentan is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called endothelin-1 protein receptor antagonists. It is a novel, selective endothelin A receptor antagonist (SERA).		
DB06200	Tedisamil	investigational	Tedisamil (planned trade name Pulzium) is an investigational drug for atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter. It is currently being developed by Solvay and is currently under regulatory review by the United States Food and Drug Administration.		
DB06201	Rufinamide	approved	Rufinamide is a triazole derivative and an anticonvulsant medication to treat seizure disorders like Lennox-Gastuat syndrome, a form of childhood epilepsy. Clinical trials suggest its efficacy in the treatment of partial seizures.		
DB06202	Lasofoxifene	approved,investigational	Lasofoxifene is a non-steroidal 3rd generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that selectively binds to both ERα and ERβ with high affinity. It is a naphthalene derivative marketed for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and for the treatment of vaginal atrophy. It was initially developed as Oporia by Pfizer as a treatment for postmenopausal osteoporosis and vaginal atrophy, in which were both rejected for approval by FDA. Later Fablyn was developed as a result of a research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand Pharmaceuticals with a newly submitted New Drug Application in 2008. It gained approval by European Commission in March 2009. Ligand Pharmaceuticals signed a license agreement with Sermonix Pharmaceuticals for the development and commercialization of oral lasofoxifene in the USA.		
DB06203	Alogliptin	approved	Alogliptin is a selective, orally-bioavailable inhibitor of enzymatic activity of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4). Chemically, alogliptin is prepared as a benzoate salt and exists predominantly as the R-enantiomer (>99%). It undergoes little or no chiral conversion in vivo to the (S)-enantiomer. FDA approved January 25, 2013.		
DB06204	Tapentadol	approved	Opioid analgesic for treatment of moderate to severe pain. FDA approved on Nov 20, 2008.		
DB06205	Hyaluronidase (human recombinant)	approved,investigational	A purified preparation of the enzyme recombinant human hyaluronidase. Hyaluronidase (human recombinant) (INN Vorhyaluronidase alfa) is produced by genetically engineered Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cells containing a DNA plasmid encoding for a soluble fragment of human hyaluronidase (PH20).[A4033] Hyaluronidase is an enzyme used to improve the absorption and dispersion of parenterally administered fluids, drugs, and contrast agents.[L13338] The action of hyaluronidase was first described in 1936, and named in 1939.[A199026] Early research into hyaluronidase identified it as a "spreading factor" which allowed for increased permeability of the connective tissue.[A199026] Hyaluronidase has been used in surgical settings for at least the past 60 years to improve the diffusion of local anesthetics.[A199047]Hyaluronidase was first used in prescription products in the United States on 5 May 2004.[L13338]		
DB06206	Sugammadex	approved	Sugammadex is a selective relaxant binding agent indicated for reversal of neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide during surgery in adults. Rocuronium bromide and vecuronium bromide are neuromuscular blocking medications that cause temporary paralysis and are especially useful for general anesthesia, ventilation, or tracheal intubation that patients may require for surgery. Sugammadex provides a new treatment option to reverse the effects of those medications and possibly help patients recover sooner post-surgery. Sugammadex (brand name Bridion) is marketed by Merck Sharp and Dohme, and was approved by the United States FDA on December 15, 2015.		
DB06207	Silodosin	approved	Silodosin is an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that is selective for the prostate. Silodosin is for symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. FDA approved Oct 9, 2008.		
DB06209	Prasugrel	approved	Prasugrel, a thienopyridine derivative, is a platelet activation and aggregation inhibitor structurally and pharmacologically related to clopidogrel and ticlopidine. Similar to clopidogrel, prasugrel is a prodrug that requires enzymatic transformation in the liver to its active metabolite, R-138727. R-138727 irreversibly binds to P2Y12 type ADP receptors on platelets thus preventing activation of the GPIIb/IIIa receptor complex. As a result, inhibition of ADP-mediated platelet activation and aggregation occurs. Prasugrel was developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co. and is currently marketed in the United States and Canada in cooperation with Eli Lilly and Company for acute coronary syndromes planned for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). FDA approved in 2009.		
DB06210	Eltrombopag	approved	Eltrombopag is used to treat low blood platelet counts in adults with chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP), when certain other medicines, or surgery to remove the spleen, have not worked well enough. ITP is a condition that may cause unusual bruising or bleeding due to an abnormally low number of platelets in the blood. Eltrombopag has also been recently approved (late 2012) for the treatment of thrombocytopenia (low blood platelet counts) in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy.		
DB06211	Doripenem	approved,investigational	Doripenem is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic marketed under the brand name Doribax by Janssen. Doripenem injection was approved by the FDA in 2007 to treat complicated urinary tract and intra-abdominal infections. In a clinical trial of doripenem treatment in ventilator associated pneumonia (vs. imipenem and cilastatin), it was found that doripenem carried an increased risk of death and lower clinical cure rates, resulting in a premature termination of the trial. The FDA revised the doripenem label in 2014 to include a warning against use in ventilator-associated pneumonia and to reiterate its safety and efficacy for its approved indications.		
DB06212	Tolvaptan	approved	Tolvaptan is used to treat low blood sodium levels (hyponatremia) associated with various conditions like congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormones (SIADH). FDA approved on May 19, 2009.		
DB06213	Regadenoson	approved,investigational	Regadenoson is an A2A adenosine receptor agonist that causes coronary vasodilation and used for myocardial perfusion imagining. Manufactured by Astellas and FDA approved April 10, 2008.		
DB06215	Ferumoxytol	approved,investigational	Ferumoxytol is an intravenously administered iron preparation indicated in the EU and the US for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) [A32478].It is comprised of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles which are coated by a semi-synthetic carbohydrate shell in an isotonic, neutral pH solution that may be administered at relatively high dose by rapid intravenous injection [L2181].		
DB06216	Asenapine	approved	Developed by Schering-Plough after its merger with Organon International, asenapine is a sublingually administered, atypical antipsychotic for treatment of schizophrenia and acute mania associated with bipolar disorder. Asenapine also belongs to the dibenzo-oxepino pyrrole class. It is also for severe post-traumatic stress disorder nightmares in soldiers as an off-label use. FDA approved on August 13, 2009.		
DB06217	Vernakalant	approved,investigational	Vernakalant was developed by Cardiome Pharma as as an antiarrhythmic drug intended for rapid conversion of atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm. It acts as an atypical class III antiarrhythmic drug that potentiates its effect in higher heart rates. Intravenous formulation was approved in Europe in September 2010 as Brinavess and in Canada in April 2017. It is an investigational drug under regulatory review by FDA.		
DB06218	Lacosamide	approved	Lacosamide is a functionalized amino acid that has activity in the maximal electroshock seizure test, and is indicated for the adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and diabetic neuropathic pain. Recent studies indicate that Lacosamide only affects those neurons which are depolarized or active for long periods of time, typical of neurons at the focus of an epileptic seizure, as opposed to other antiepileptic drugs such as carbamazepine or lamotrigine which slow the recovery from inactivation and reduce the ability of neurons to fire action potentials.		
DB06219	Dalbavancin	approved,investigational	Dalbavancin is a second-generation lipoglycopeptide antibiotic that was designed to improve on the natural glycopeptides currently available, such as vancomycin and teicoplanin [A4072, A4073]. Modifications from these older glycoprotein classes facilitated a similar mechanism of action for dalbavancin but with increased activity and once-weekly dosing [FDA Label, F2356, A4072, A4073]. Its use is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, S. dysgalactiae, the S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), and Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin susceptible strains) [FDA Label, F2356]. Dalbavancin acts by interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to the D-alanyl-D-alanine terminus of nascent cell wall peptidoglycan and preventing cross-linking [FDA Label, F2356, A4072, A4073].		
DB06224	Alicaforsen	investigational			
DB06225	HMR4011	investigational	HMR4011 (IPL 576,092) is a novel steroidal anti-inflammatory compound with a mechanism of action distinct from that of glucocorticoid. IPL 576,092 has previously been investigated as a treatment for asthma.		
DB06226	Nelipepimut-S	investigational			
DB06228	Rivaroxaban	approved	Rivaroxaban is an anticoagulant and the first orally active direct factor Xa inhibitor. Unlike warfarin, routine lab monitoring of INR is not necessary. However there is no antidote available in the event of a major bleed. Only the 10 mg tablet can be taken without regard to food. The 15 mg and 20 mg tablet should be taken with food. FDA approved on July 1, 2011.		
DB06229	Ocaperidone	investigational			
DB06230	Nalmefene	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Nalmefene is a 6-methylene analogue of naltrexone and opioid system modulator but with no opioid activity [FDA Label]. It mediates a partial agonist effect on kappa receptors [A31301]. It is primarily used in the management of alcohol dependence in adult patients in conjunction with continuous psychosocial support focused on treatment adherence and reducing alcohol consumption [L1024] when it is exists as the hydrochloride dihydrate form under the trade name Selincro. Selincro is orally administered as tablets. Nalmefene works to reduce alcohol consumption in individuals by positive reward effect of alcohol which involves the opioid system, as well as the sedative and dysphoric properties of alcohol [A31301]. It is also indicated to prevent or reverse the effects of opioids, including respiratory depression, sedation, and hypotension by acting on the opioid receptor as an antagonist [FDA Label] under the trade name Revex for intramuscular, intravenous and subcutaneous injection, where nalmefene hydrochloride is an active ingredient.		
DB06231	Caldaret	investigational			
DB06233	Ridaforolimus	investigational			
DB06234	Maribavir	investigational			
DB06235	Vadimezan	investigational			
DB06236	Elvucitabine	investigational			
DB06237	Avanafil	approved	Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012.		
DB06239	Tipapkinogene sovacivec	investigational			
DB06240	Tariquidar	investigational			
DB06241	Clenoliximab	investigational	Clenoliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody from _Macaca irus_ against CD4 which acts as an immunomodulator. It has investigated for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.		
DB06243	Eflornithine	approved,withdrawn	Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.		
DB06244	Trafermin	investigational			
DB06245	Lanoteplase	investigational			
DB06246	Exisulind	investigational			
DB06247	CX516	investigational			
DB06248	Amelubant	investigational			
DB06249	Arzoxifene	approved,investigational			
DB06250	Fluasterone	investigational	Has antiproliferative effects on HIV-1 and reduces HIV-1 replication.		
DB06251	Dersalazine	investigational			
DB06253	Thioctic acid tromethamine	investigational	A salt of alpha-lipoic acid and tromethamine; may be useful in treating vascular stress in patients with diabetes.		
DB06255	Incadronic acid	experimental	Incadronate, or YM-175,[A202769] is a nitrogen containing bisphosphonate. Along with being investigated to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy,[A202862] it has also been investigated in the treatment of myeloma, leukemia, and other cancers.[A14426,A14431,A14427,A202769]Incadronic acid was first described in the literature in 1991.[A202289]		
DB06256	rPSGL-Ig	investigational	Recombinant P-selectin glycoprotein ligand IgG fusion protein (rPSGL-Ig) is a fusion protein of human P-selectin ligand and IgG1-Fc.		
DB06257	HE-2200	investigational			
DB06258	Bimoclomol	investigational	Bimoclomol is an investigational drug that induces stress proteins and has cytoprotective effects.		
DB06260	Aviptadil	experimental			
DB06261	Hexaminolevulinate	approved	Hexaminolevulinate is an optical imaging drug. In solution form it is instilled intravesically for use with photodynamic blue light cystoscopy as an adjunct to white light cystoscopy. On May 28, 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted approval for hexaminolevulinate hydrochloride (Cysview for Intravesical Solution, Photocure ASA), as an optical imaging agent for use in combination with the Karl Storz Photodynamic Diagnostic D-Light C (PDD) System for cystoscopic detection of non-muscle invasive papillary cancer of the bladder for patients suspected or known to have lesion(s) on the basis of a prior cystoscopy. Hexaminolevulinate is manufactured under the brand Cysview® by Photocure ASA. In Europe, Hexaminolevulinate is marketed under the brand Hexvix®.		
DB06262	Droxidopa	approved,investigational	Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.		
DB06263	Amrubicin	investigational	Amrubicin is a third-generation synthetic anthracycline currently in development for the treatment of small cell lung cancer. Pharmion licensed the rights to Amrubicin in November 2006. In 2002, Amrubicin was approved and launched for sale in Japan based on Phase 2 efficacy data in both SCLC and NSCLC. Since January 2005, Amrubicin has been marketed by Nippon Kayaku, a Japanese pharmaceutical firm focused on oncology, which licensed Japanese marketing rights from Dainippon Sumitomo, the original developer of Amrubicin [L1714, L1716].		
DB06264	Tolperisone	investigational	Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.		
DB06266	Lonidamine	investigational	Lonidamine (LND) is a drug that interferes with energy metabolism of cancer cells, principally inhibiting aerobic glycolytic activity, by its effect on mitochondrially-bound hexokinase (HK). In such way LND could impair energy-requiring processes, as recovery from potentially lethal damage, induced by radiation treatment and by some cytotoxic drugs.		
DB06267	Udenafil	approved,investigational	Udenafil is a new phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction (ED). It has been approved in South Korea and will be marketed under the brand name Zydena. It is not yet approved for use in the U.S., E.U., or Canada.		
DB06268	Sitaxentan	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Sitaxentan was marketed under the trade name Thelin for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market over concerns of hepatotoxicity.		
DB06270	MAHDL01	investigational	MAHDL01 is a pharmaceutical combination of whole plants, which is used to increase the HDL/LDL ratio that improves overall cardiovascular health.		
DB06271	Sulodexide	approved,investigational	Sulodexide is a mixture of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) composed of dermatan sulfate (DS) and fast moving heparin (FMH).		
DB06272	Maxacalcitol	investigational			
DB06273	Tocilizumab	approved	Tocilizumab is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody IL-6 receptor inhibitor used to treat inflammatory and autoimmune conditions.[L12789] It was first described in the literature in 2003 when Chugai, a subsidiary of Roche began developing IL-6 inhibiting monoclonal antibodies.[A193281] It is currently being investigated to treat severely ill patients with COVID-19.[A193278,L12837,L12843]Tocilizumab was granted FDA approval on 8 January 2010.[L12789]		
DB06274	Alvimopan	approved,investigational	Alvimopan is a peripherally acting μ opioid antagonist. It is used to avoid postoperative ileus following small or large bowel resection and accelerates the gastrointestinal recovery period.	Alvimopan Action Pathway	
DB06276	Tanomastat	investigational			
DB06280	Senicapoc	investigational			
DB06281	Torcetrapib	investigational	Torcetrapib (CP-529414, Pfizer) was developed to treat hypercholesterolemia but its development was halted in 2006 when phase III studies showed excessive mortality in the treatment group receiving a combination of atorvastatin and the study drug.		
DB06282	Levocetirizine	approved	Levocetirizine is a selective histamine H<sub>1</sub> antagonist used to treat a variety of allergic symptoms.[A181748,A181790,L7694] It is the R enantiomer of [cetirizine].[L7694] Levocetirizine has greater affinity for the histamine H<sub>1</sub> receptor than cetirizine.[L7694]Levocetirizine was granted FDA approval in 1995.[L7694]	Levocetirizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB06283	Ziconotide	approved	Ziconotide (also known as SNX-111) is a neurotoxic peptide derived from the cone snail _Conus magus_ comprising 25 amino acids with three disulphide bonds.[A202835, L13389] Other such peptides, collectively termed conotoxins, exist, and some have shown efficacy in binding specific subsets of calcium channels; ziconotide is used in part because it can be synthesized without loss of proper bond formation or structural elements.[A202829, A202832] Ziconotide is used to manage severe chronic pain refractory to other methods, through its ability to inhibit N-type calcium channels involved in nociceptive signalling.[A202829, A202835, A202838, A202841, A202850, A202859, L13389]Ziconotide was granted FDA approval on December 28, 2004 for marketing by TerSera therapeutics LLC. under the name Prialt.[L13389] To date, ziconotide is the only calcium channel blocking peptide approved for use by the FDA.[A202835]		
DB06285	Teriparatide	approved,investigational	Teriparatide (recombinant human parathyroid hormone) is a potent anabolic agent used in the treatment of osteoporosis. It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.		
DB06287	Temsirolimus	approved	Temsirolimus is a derivative of sirolimus used in the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC). It was developed by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals under the trade name Torisel. Temsirolimus was approved by the FDA in late May 2007 as well as the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) on November 2007.		
DB06288	Amisulpride	approved,investigational	Amisulpride (trade name Solian) is an antipsychotic drug sold by Sanofi-Aventis. It is not approved for use in the United States, but is approved for use in Europe and Australia for the treatment of psychoses and schizophrenia. Additionally, it is approved in Italy for the treatment of dysthymia (under the brand name Deniban). Amisulpride is a selective dopamine antagonist.		
DB06290	Simeprevir	approved	Simeprevir is a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3/4A protease inhibitor indicated in patient's with HCV genotype 1 for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Like all NS3/4A inhibitors, simeprevir is a serine protease inhibitor in similarity to [DB08873] and [DB05521] but is classified as a second generation protease inhibitor. This class of antiviral drugs were the first direct acting antivirals approved but are associated with lower cure rates than newer drugs. Broad use of simeprevir occurred when it was used in combination with a newer drug, [DB08934]. Inhibiting HCV NS3/4A protease in a potent and highly specific manner, simeprevir is a direct-acting antiviral agent against the hepatitis C virus. Since the viral protease NS3/4A complex is essential for cleaving the HCV encoded polyprotein into individual viral proteins facilitating replication [A19632], the drug blocks the viral replication process. It is shown to display synergistic effects with interferon-α and HCV NS5B inhibitor, and additive effects with ribavirin in HCV replicon cells [A19629]. Unlike first generation serine protease inhibitors, simprevir has a sightly different resistance profile where limited therapeutic efficacy of the drug is observed with NS3 Q80K polymorphic variants and simeprevir-specific amino acid position of 168 also results in higher treatment failure rates [A19630]. The observed prevalence of the N3 Q80K polymorphism was 30% in subjects infected with HCV genotype 1a and 0.5% in subjects infected with HCV genotype 1b [A19630]. According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), simeprevir can be used as first-line or second-line threapies for treatment-naïve patients as adjunct to sofosbuvir treatment for genotype 1 or PEG-Interferon/ribavirin combination therapy for genotype 1 or 4. The combination therapy of simeprevir and other antiviral agents are initiated in HCV-positive patients with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Simeprevir was approved by the FDA in November 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Olysio as oral tablets. Administered once daily with food, 150mg simeprevir capsule is used in combination with [DB08934] in patients with HCV genotype 1 without cirrhosis for 12 week duration. In patients with HCV genotype 1 with compensated cirrhosis, the treatment is directed for 24 week duration. Sustained virologic response 12 weeks after planned end of treatment (SVR12) was achieved in 170/176 (97%) subjects without cirrhosis treated with 12 weeks simeprevir in combination with sofosbuvir (FDA Label). The overall SVR12 was 88% (44/50) in treatment-naïve patients with cirrhosis [L852].Simeprevir is also used in treatment of HCV genotype 4 patients with or without cirrhosis and is taken with [DB00008] and [DB00811]; this triple therapy allows shortening treatment duration from 48 weeks or longer to 12 or 24 weeks [A19630] depending on prior response status and presence of HIV-1 co-infection. Prior to initiation of treatment with [DB00008] and [DB00811], screening for the presence of virus with the NS3 Q80K polymorphism is strongly recommended and if detected, alternative treatment should be considered instead to prevent therapeutic failure. The SVR12 was 83% (29/35) in treatment-naïve patients and 86% (19/22) in relapsing patients.		
DB06292	Dapagliflozin	approved	Dapagliflozin is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor indicated for managing diabetes mellitus type 2[A6757]. When combined with diet and exercise in adults, dapagliflozin helps to improve glycemic control by inhibiting glucose resorption in the proximal tubule of the nephron and causing glycosuria[A6757]. Dapagliflozin was approved by the FDA on Jan 08, 2014[L6034].		
DB06293	Pegnivacogin	investigational			
DB06294	Semuloparin	investigational			
DB06295	Pramiconazole	investigational			
DB06297	LX-2931	investigational			
DB06299	Hydronidone	investigational	Hydronidone has antifibrotic activity.		
DB06302	Glesatinib	investigational			
DB06303	Otilimab	investigational	Investigated for the treatment of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis (RA).		
DB06304	BIIB015	investigational	BIIB015 is a humanized, IgG1 [immunoglobulin G 1], DM4-Conjugated, anti-cripto, monoclonal antibody. It has been investigated for the treatment of subjects with relapsed or refractory solid tumours.		
DB06305	Sonepcizumab	investigational	A humanized monoclonal antibody directed against sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, sonepcizumab binds S1P, which may result in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis. S1P is the extracellular ligand for the G protein-coupled lysophospholipid receptor EDG-1 (endothelial differentiation gene-1).		
DB06306	Onalespib	investigational			
DB06307	Apoptone	investigational			
DB06309	Refametinib	investigational			
DB06310	Motavizumab	investigational			
DB06311	Darapladib	investigational			
DB06313	BNC105	investigational			
DB06314	SGX-523	investigational	A MET receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor.		
DB06317	Elotuzumab	approved	Elotuzumab is a humanized IgG1 (Immunoglobulin G) monoclonal antibody indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior therapies. Elotuzumab targets SLAMF7, also known as Signaling Lymphocytic Activation Molecule Family member 7, a cell surface glycoprotein. Elotuzumab consists of the complementary determining regions (CDR) of the mouse antibody, MuLuc63, grafted onto human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain frameworks. Elotuzumab is produced in NS0 cells by recombinant DNA technology. Elotuzumab has a theoretical mass of 148.1 kDa for the intact antibody. Elotuzumab was approved on November 30, 2015 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Elotuzumab is marketed under the brand Empliciti™ by Bristol-Myers Squibb.		
DB06318	AVE9633	investigational	AVE9633 is an anti-CD33 monoclonal antibody-DM4 conjugate.		
DB06321	R-348	investigational			
DB06322	Carotuximab	investigational			
DB06323	AZX-100	investigational			
DB06324	XmAb 2513	investigational	XmAb 2513 is a humanized monoclonal antibody that targets the antigen CD30, a molecule expressed on the surface of a number of tumor cell types. It has been investigated for the treatment of hodgkin’s lymphoma.		
DB06325	Pegpleranib	investigational			
DB06326	Latiglutenase	investigational			
DB06328	Methoxyamine	investigational			
DB06331	4-O-Demethylpenclomedine	investigational			
DB06333	Trodusquemine	investigational	Trodusquemine, a spermine metabolite of cholesterol, is a naturally occurring aminosterol that inhibits protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B. It has demonstrated the ability to stimulate regeneration of heart and multiple other tissues in animal models [A176600].		
DB06334	Tucidinostat	investigational			
DB06335	Saxagliptin	approved	Saxagliptin (rINN) is an orally active hypoglycemic (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. FDA approved on July 31, 2009.		
DB06336	Elsiglutide	investigational			
DB06342	Coltuximab ravtansine	investigational	Coltuximab ravtansine (SAR3419) targets CD19 and is being investigated for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).		
DB06343	Teprotumumab	approved,investigational	Teprotumumab is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the human insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor.[L11359] Following a clinical trial in which its efficacy in the treatment of thyroid eye disease (TED) was assessed, it received "breakthrough therapy" designation from the FDA in 2016[A190129] and was approved by the FDA in January 2020 for the treatment of TED.[L11350] Thyroid eye disease is a potentially debilitating complication of Graves' Disease involving inflammation and tissue remodeling behind the eye, and previous treatment options typically involved multiple invasive surgeries - teprotumumab is the first drug ever approved for the treatment of TED and therefore represents a significant step forward in the treatment this disease.[L11350]		
DB06345	AR-9281	investigational	AR-9281 inhibits soluble epoxide hydrolase.		
DB06346	Fiboflapon	investigational			
DB06347	Cenisertib	investigational	Cenisertib is an aurora kinase inhibitor.		
DB06350	Elinogrel	investigational	A P2Y12 inhibitor and platelet aggregation inhibitor.		
DB06354	Tezampanel	investigational	Tezampanel is an AMPA receptor antagonist.		
DB06355	ACY001	investigational			
DB06356	TRC093	investigational	TRC093 is a recombinant humanized IgG1k monoclonal antibody.		
DB06358	Iclaprim	investigational			
DB06360	Lucatumumab	investigational			
DB06361	rsPSMA Vaccine	approved,investigational	Prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) is an ∼100 kDa transmembrane glycoprotein that is abundantly and preferentially expressed in prostate cancer, including recurrent and hormone-refractory cases. rsPSMA Vaccine is a subunit vaccine based on a novel rsPSMA protein that represents the entire extracellular domain of PSMA (Schulke et al., PNAS 100:12590, 2003). The vaccine comprises purified rsPSMA protein formulated with Alhydrogel® adjuvant. In preclinical studies, rsPSMA elicited high-titer antibodies that strongly cross-reacted with prostate cancer cells. [L1039]		
DB06362	Becatecarin	investigational	Becatecarin is a derivative of [rebeccamycin].		
DB06364	XR5944	investigational	XR5944 is a DNA bis-intercalating anticancer drug. It has both intercalating and antineoplastic activities.		
DB06365	Sapacitabine	investigational			
DB06366	Pertuzumab	approved	Pertuzumab is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody that targets the extracellular dimerization domain (subdomain II) of the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 protein (HER2). It consists of two heavy chains and two lights chains that have 448 and 214 residues respectively. It was first approved by the FDA in 2012 for use with [docetaxel] and another HER2-targeted monoclonal antibody, [trastuzumab], in the treatment of metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer. Its indicated conditions have since expanded to include use as both a neoadjuvant therapy and an adjuvant therapy in the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancers at high risk of recurrence.[L14642,L14772]		
DB06367	Relacatib	investigational			
DB06368	Alamifovir	investigational	Alamifovir is an antiviral agent specific for HBV.		
DB06370	Indisulam	investigational			
DB06371	Siplizumab	investigational			
DB06372	Rilonacept	approved,investigational	Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old.		
DB06374	Elacestrant	investigational			
DB06376	CHGN111	investigational	CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.		
DB06379	Calcitonin gene-related peptide	investigational	A 37-amino acid peptide derived from the calcitonin gene. It occurs as a result of alternative processing of mRNA from the calcitonin gene. The neuropeptide is widely distributed in the brain, gut, perivascular nerves, and other tissue. The peptide produces multiple biological effects and has both circulatory and neurotransmitter modes of action. In particular, it is a potent endogenous vasodilator.As a potential drug, it has demonstrated in preclinical studies a profile that could make it an ideal anti-asthmatic drug candidate with bronchodilatory, bronchoprotecting and anti-inflammatory properties.		
DB06393	Xaliproden	investigational			
DB06394	Riferminogene pecaplasmid	investigational	Riferminogene pecaplasmid (non-viral fibroblast growth factor 1; NV1FGF) is a recombinant DNA plasmid in a pCOR backbone allowing expression of human FGF1.		
DB06395	Abafungin	investigational			
DB06397	Nicaraven	investigational			
DB06399	Atacicept	investigational	Atacicept is a recombinant fusion protein combined with the extracellular ligand binding portion of TACI.		
DB06400	Vitespen	investigational			
DB06401	Bazedoxifene	approved,investigational	Bazedoxifene is a third generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), developed by Pfizer following the completion of their takeover of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. In late 2013, Pfizer received approval for bazedoxifene as part of the combination drug DUAVEE in the prevention (not treatment) of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is approved in the European Union (marketed in Italy and Spain) and Japan as monotherapy. In 2013, the combination product containing conjugated estrogens and bazedoxifene was approved by the FDA for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, as well as the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis in women.		
DB06402	Telavancin	approved	Telavancin is a semi-synthetic derivative of vanocymycin that has bactericidal activity against Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and other gram-positive bacteria.  MRSA is an important pathogen capable of causing hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP), ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP), and skin and subcutaneous tissue infections among others.		
DB06403	Ambrisentan	approved,investigational	Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.		
DB06404	Human C1-esterase inhibitor	approved	C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Human) is composed of purified endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (hC1INH) isolated from human plasma.[L16586,L16591,L16606] The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways.[L16586,L16591,L16606]This drug is indicated for  prophylaxis and treatment of Hereditary Angioedema (HAE), a human genetic disorder caused by a shortage of C1 inhibitor activity that results in an overreaction of the immune system.[L16586,L16591,L16606] The disease is characterized by acute attacks of painful and in some cases fatal swelling of several soft tissues (edema), which may last up to five days when untreated.[L16586,L16591,L16606]		
DB06405	Eprodisate	investigational	Eprodisate slows the decline of renal function in AA amyloidosis.		
DB06406	Idraparinux	investigational			
DB06408	Taribavirin	investigational			
DB06409	Morphine glucuronide	investigational			
DB06410	Doxercalciferol	approved	Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1α,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. Doxercalciferol is marketed under the brand name Hectoral by Genzyme Corporation, and is manufactured by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc.		
DB06412	Oxymetholone	approved,illicit	Oxymetholone is a synthetic anabolic steroid marketed under the brand name Anapolon by Hoffmann La Roche Limitedand used in the treatment of osteoporosis, anaemia, and as an agent to stimulate muscle growth in malnourished or underdeveloped patients. Anabolic-androgenic steroids (AAS), such as oxymetholone, have been abused by bodybuilders and athletes. The uncontrolled misuse of oxymetholone can lead to a large variety of detrimental effects, the most often reported of which are cardiovascular events. In 2009, no producers of oxymetholone were identified worldwide (SRI 2009), but it was available from 14 suppliers, including 8 U.S. suppliers (ChemSources 2009).		
DB06413	Armodafinil	approved,investigational	Armodafinil is the enantiopure of the wakefulness-promoting agent modafinil (Provigil), and is indicated to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), narcolepsy, or shift work disorder (SWD). Research has shown that armodafinil significantly improves driving simulator performance in patients with SWD. Armodafinil consists of the (−)-R-enantiomer of the racemic modafinil. Armodafinil is produced by the pharmaceutical company Cephalon Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.) and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in June 2007.		
DB06414	Etravirine	approved	Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection. On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.		
DB06415	Calfactant	approved	Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.		
DB06419	Cethromycin	investigational	Cethromycin is a 3-keto (ketolide) derivative of erythromycin A with an 11,12-carbamate group and an O-6-linked aromatic ring system.[A203369] Cethromycin represents a joint development effort by Abbott Laboratories, Taisho Pharmaceuticals, and Advanced Life Sciences, intended to be marketed under the trade name Restanza for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia.[L14006, A203369] However, after completing phase III clinical trials, it was deemed safe but not sufficiently efficacious by the FDA.[A203369]Since this time, cethromycin has received FDA orphan drug designations for the prophylactic treatment of anthrax inhalation, plague due to _Yersinia pestis_, and tularemia due to _Francisella tularensis_.[L13988] It has also been investigated, by itself or together with [zoliflodacin], for the treatment of gonorrhea,[A203432, A203495] and was recently suggested as a possible treatment for liver-stage _Plasmodium_ sporozoite infection.[A203441]		
DB06420	Annamycin	investigational			
DB06421	Declopramide	investigational			
DB06422	Ticalopride	investigational			
DB06423	Endostatin	investigational			
DB06429	Talnetant	investigational	Talnetant (SB-223,412) is a neurokinin 3 receptor antagonist developed by GlaxoSmithKline, which is being researched for several different functions, primarily for irritable bowel syndrome and as a potential antipsychotic drug for the treatment of schizophrenia.		
DB06431	Evernimicin	investigational			
DB06433	Tezacitabine	investigational	A synthetic purine nucleoside analogue with potential antineoplastic activity.		
DB06434	Repifermin	investigational			
DB06435	Tarazepide	investigational			
DB06436	Semaxanib	investigational			
DB06437	Tifacogin	investigational			
DB06439	Tyloxapol	approved,investigational	Tyloxapol is a non-ionic detergent often used as a surfactant.		
DB06440	Ravuconazole	investigational			
DB06441	Cangrelor	approved	Cangrelor is an intravenous, direct-acting, reversible P2Y12 inhibitor for patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) who have not been yet treated by oral P2Y12 inhibitors. An advantage Cangrelor provides over oral P2Y12 inhibitors (such as prasugrel, ticagrelor, and clopidogrel) is that it is an active drug not requiring metabolic conversion therefore providing a rapid onset and offset of action. Cangrelor was approved by the FDA in June 2015 for intravenous application.		
DB06442	Avasimibe	investigational			
DB06444	Dexanabinol	investigational			
DB06445	Diethylnorspermine	investigational			
DB06446	Dotarizine	investigational			
DB06447	E5531	investigational	E5531 is an endotoxin antagonist.		
DB06448	Lonafarnib	approved,investigational	Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome (HGPS) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder estimated to affect approximately one in 20 million individuals resulting in adverse symptoms associated with premature ageing: skeletal dysplasia, joint contractures, atherosclerosis, myocardial fibrosis/dysfunction, scleroderma-like cutaneous effects, lipoatrophy, alopecia, and a severe failure to thrive; HGPS is uniformly fatal.[A224379, A224384, A224389, A224394, A224399] Mechanistically, HGPS is underpinned by a single heterozygous C-to-T mutation at position 1824 of the _LMNA_ gene, which results in the accumulation of an aberrant farnesylated form of lamin A called progerin in the inner nuclear membrane.[A224379, A224394] Lonafarnib is a farnesyl transferase (FTase) inhibitor (FTI), which reduces the farnesylation of numerous cellular proteins, including progerin; as progerin farnesylation is important for localization to the nuclear membrane, lonafarnib inhibits progerin accumulation and improves symptoms in HGPS patients.[A224379, A224414, A224419, L23414]Merck originally developed Lonafarnib and subsequently licensed it to Eiger Biopharmaceuticals Inc., which currently markets it under the trademark ZOKINVY™.[L23414, L23544] Lonafarnib was granted FDA approval on November 20, 2020, and is the first FDA-approved treatment for HGPS and other related progeroid laminopathies.[L23414, L23549]		
DB06449	Ilodecakin	investigational			
DB06451	Aprinocarsen	investigational	Aprinocarsen is a specific antisense oligonucleotide inhibitor of protein kinase C-alpha.		
DB06453	Mirostipen	investigational			
DB06454	Sarizotan	investigational			
DB06455	Meclinertant	investigational			
DB06457	Tecastemizole	investigational			
DB06458	Remacemide	investigational			
DB06460	Enrasentan	investigational			
DB06461	Squalamine	investigational			
DB06462	Mitumomab	investigational	Mitumomab, an anti-BEC-2 monoclonal antibody derived from mice, was previously studied to treat small cell lung carcinoma in combination with BCG vaccination.		
DB06463	IR502	investigational	IR502 (Zorcell) is a potential treatment for psoriasis.		
DB06464	IR501	investigational	IR501 (Ravax) is a potential first-in-class vaccine for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis. It specifically targets autoreactive T-cells, reducing their activity. It was last known to be in phase III clinical trials.		
DB06465	FK-960	investigational			
DB06467	Apolizumab	investigational	Apolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that is being studied as a treatment for hematologic cancers.		
DB06468	Cariporide	investigational			
DB06469	Lestaurtinib	investigational			
DB06470	Clomethiazole	investigational	Clomethiazole is a well-established γ-aminobutyric acid (GABAA)-mimetic drug. It is a sedative and hypnotic that is widely used in treating and preventing symptoms of acute alcohol withdrawal. It is a drug which is structurally related to thiamine (vitamin B1) but acts like a sedative, hypnotic, muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant. It is also used for the management of agitation, restlessness, short-term insomnia and Parkinson's disease in the elderly.		
DB06471	Naxifylline	investigational			
DB06472	Fradafiban	investigational			
DB06474	Sibrotuzumab	investigational	Sibrotuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against fibroblast activation protein (FAP). It is used to treat cancer.		
DB06475	Ruplizumab	investigational	Ruplizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug and is a component of Antova.		
DB06477	Sumanirole	investigational			
DB06478	Porfiromycin	investigational	Porfiromycin is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called anticancer antibiotics.		
DB06479	Propentofylline	investigational			
DB06480	Prucalopride	approved	Prucalopride is a dihydrobenzofurancarboxamide derivative from the benzofurane family that selectively stimulates 5-HT4 receptors and thus, it presents enterokinetic properties.[A37348] The high selectivity of prucalopride allowed further development as it prevented the cardiac adverse reactions observed due to non-target effects of precedent therapies.[A40254] Prucalopride was developed by Shire Development LLC and approved for use in Europe in 2009,[A40250] in Canada on December 7, 2011 and by the FDA on December 17, 2018.[L4880]		
DB06481	Manitimus	investigational	FK778, a novel compound with multiple mechanisms of action, is efficacious, well tolerated and safe in kidney transplant patients, potentially offering a breakthrough in immunosuppressive therapy.		
DB06482	ALGRX 1207	investigational	ALGRX 1207 is a topical local anesthetic that acts by binding to the fast sodium channel. ALGRX 1207 entered clinical trials for cutaneous neuropathic pain, such as chemotherapy-induced neuropathy, in 2006. It was being developed by Anesiva, but trials have halted.		
DB06485	Ropidoxuridine	investigational	Ropidoxuridine is a novel, orally available, thymidine analogue and prodrug for IUdR, which demonstrated a survival advantage in Phase II studies in anaplastic astrocytoma, a type of brain tumor.		
DB06486	Enzastaurin	investigational	Enzastaurin, an investigational, targeted, oral agent, will be evaluated at more than 100 sites worldwide for the treatment of relapsed glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), an aggressive and malignant form of brain cancer.		
DB06489	Liatermin	investigational			
DB06492	Mirococept	investigational	Mirococept (APT070) is a complement inhibitor currently under development for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and I/RI. It is a truncated form of the human Complement Receptor 1 (CR1) linked to a unique Prodaptin™ construct that regulates the over-production of complement at the cell surface, which occurs in inflammation. It consists of the first three short consensus domains of human complement receptor 1 (CR1), manufactured in recombinant bacteria and modified with a membrane-targeting amphiphilic peptide based on the naturally occurring membrane-bound myristoyl-electrostatic switch peptide.		
DB06493	Velafermin	investigational	Velafermin was a novel investigational protein therapeutic, also known as fibroblast growth factor-20 (FGF-20), which promotes both epithelial and mesenchymal cell proliferation in vitro and has demonstrated activity in multiple animal models. Velafermin was investigated as a potential therapy for the prevention and treatment of oral mucositis by fostering the regeneration and repair of the cells lining the gastrointestinal tract.		
DB06494	Sufugolix	investigational			
DB06495	Onercept	investigational			
DB06496	Dextrin 2-sulfate	investigational			
DB06497	Aplaviroc	investigational	A spiro-diketo-piperazine; a potent noncompetitive allosteric antagonist of the CCR5 receptor with concomitantly potent antiviral effects for HIV-1.		
DB06498	L523S	investigational	According to Nemunaitis J., et al, "L523S is an immunogenic lung cancer antigen that has demonstrated preclinical safety when the gene is injected intramuscularly as an expressive plasmid (pVAX/L523S) and when delivered following incorporation into an E1B-deleted adenovirus (Ad/L523S)." [A175909] It has been investigated as a lung cancer vaccine.		
DB06499	Furaprofen	investigational			
DB06503	MLN2222	investigational	MLN2222 is a novel, proprietary recombinant protein that blocks both the C3 and C5 convertases, which are essential components of the complement activation pathway.		
DB06504	S-8510	investigational	S-8510 / SB-737552 is a BZD inverse agonist investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and mild to moderate senile dementia. It was being codeveloped by Shionogi and GlaxoSmithKline.		
DB06506	Repinotan	investigational	Repinotan is a high-affinity, selective, full agonist of the 5HT1A-receptor subtype with neuroprotective properties.		
DB06508	GW-559090	investigational			
DB06510	Muraglitazar	investigational	Muraglitazar (Bristol-Myers Squibb/Merck) is a new agent under investigation for the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes. It belongs to a novel class of drugs that target the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors, both alpha and gamma subtypes. In addition to improvements in blood glucose and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), muraglitazar treatment is associated with a substantial reduction in triglycerides (TGs), an increase in HDL-C, and a modest decrease in LDL-C levels.		
DB06511	AMGN-0007	investigational	Recombinant osteoprotegerin (AMGN-0007) is a recombinant OPG construct developed as a potential therapeutic agent in the treatment of bone disease.		
DB06512	Deramciclane	investigational	Deramciclane (EGIS-3886) is used for the treatment of a number of anxiety disorders. Deramciclane differs from other anti anxiety medications in that it is not a benzodiazepine and so has a different structure and target. It antagonizes 5-HT2A receptors, agonizes 5-HT2C receptors, and functions as a GABA reuptake inhibitor.		
DB06515	Resiniferatoxin	investigational	Resiniferatoxin (RTX) is a naturally occurring, ultrapotent capsaicin analog that activates the vanilloid receptor in a subpopulation of primary afferent sensory neurons involved in nociception (the transmission of physiological pain).		
DB06518	R-1487	investigational			
DB06519	Edaglitazone	investigational			
DB06521	Ertiprotafib	investigational	Ertiprotafib belongs to a novel class of insulin sensitizers developed for treatment of type 2 diabetes. In insulin-resistant rodent models, ertiprotafib and a close analog lowered both fasting blood glucose and insulin levels and improved glycemic excursion during an oral glucose tolerance test.		
DB06523	Levovirin	investigational			
DB06525	Ganstigmine	investigational	Ganstigmine is an orally active, geneserine derived, carbamate-based acetylcholinesterase inhibitor developed for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.		
DB06527	Tramiprosate	investigational			
DB06529	Ocinaplon	investigational			
DB06530	Resiquimod	investigational	A substance being studied in the treatment of some types of skin cancer. When put on the skin, resiquimod causes some immune cells to make certain chemicals that may help them kill tumor cells. It is also being studied to find out if adding it to a tumor vaccine improves the antitumor immune response. It is a type of imidazoquinoline and a type of immunomodulator.		
DB06532	Pafuramidine	investigational	Pafuramidine, a prodrug of furamidine, currently has orphan status for _Pneumocystis jiroveci_ pneumonia.		
DB06533	Ragaglitazar	investigational			
DB06534	Thrombopoietin	investigational			
DB06535	Etilevodopa	investigational			
DB06536	Tesaglitazar	investigational	Tesaglitazar is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha/gamma agonist which improves apolipoprotein levels in non-diabetic subjects with insulin resistance. Tesaglitazar is a proposed treatment for type 2 diabetes and has completed several phase III clinical trials, however in May 2006 AstraZeneca announced that they had discontinued further development.		
DB06538	Robalzotan	investigational			
DB06543	Astaxanthin	investigational	Astaxanthin is a keto-carotenoid in the terpenes class of chemical compounds. It is classified as a xanthophyll but it is a carotenoid with no vitamin A activity. It is found in the majority of aquatic organisms with red pigment. Astaxanthin has shown to mediate anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. It may be found in fish feed or some animal food as a color additive.		
DB06545	Gavilimomab	investigational			
DB06548	Minodronic acid	investigational			
DB06549	Labradimil	investigational			
DB06550	Bivatuzumab	investigational	Bivatuzumab (previously BIWA 4) is a humanized monoclonal antibody against CD44 v6. [A31688,A31689]		
DB06552	rNAPc2	investigational	Recombinant nematode anticoagulant protein c2 (rNAPc2) is a specific inhibitor of tissue factor (TF)/factor VIIa complex with novel antithrombotic activity. [A175642]		
DB06554	Gaboxadol	investigational	Gaboxadol also known as 4,5,6,7-tetrahydroisoxazolo(5,4-c)pyridin-3-ol (THIP) is an experimental sleep aid drug developed by Lundbeck and Merck, who reported increased deep sleep without the reinforcing effects of benzodiazepines. Development of Gaboxadol was stopped in March 2007 after concerns regarding safety and efficacy. It acts on the GABA system, but in a seemingly different way from benzodiazepines and other sedatives.		
DB06555	Siramesine	investigational			
DB06556	Edifoligide	investigational			
DB06557	Lerdelimumab	investigational			
DB06558	Tezosentan	investigational	Tezosentan is an intravenous endothelin receptor A/B antagonist. Tezosentan was initially developed for vasodilation in patients with acute heart failure but studies have shown that it does not assist in the treatment of dyspnea or prevent cardiovascular events.		
DB06559	Lanimostim	investigational			
DB06560	Pascolizumab	investigational	Pascolizumab (SB 240683) is a humanized anti-interleukin-4 antibody with therapeutic potential in asthma.		
DB06562	Emfilermin	investigational			
DB06568	alpha-Hydroxy glycineamide	investigational	Alpha-hydroxy glycineamide (αHGA) is the active antiviral metabolite of tri-peptide glycyl-prolyl-glycine-amide (GPG-NH2). αHGA inhibits the replication of HIV-1 in vitro by interfering with the capsid formation. It also has an effect on viral gp160 envelope protein. [A31692]		
DB06569	P-57AS3	investigational			
DB06573	Rebimastat	investigational			
DB06575	Valomaciclovir	investigational			
DB06576	Baminercept	investigational			
DB06578	Tonabersat	investigational			
DB06579	Adipiplon	investigational	Adipiplon is an nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic developed by Neurogen Corporation. It is known by the standardized identifier NG2-73.		
DB06580	Celgosivir	investigational			
DB06581	Bevirimat	investigational	Bevirimat, also known as PA-457 or YK-FH312, is investigated in clinical trials for treating HIV infection. Bevirimat is a solid. This compound belongs to the androgens and derivatives, which are hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favour the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Bevirimat targets the protein gag-pol polyprotein. Bevirimat is derived from a betulinic acid-like compound, first isolated from <i>Syzygium claviflorum</i>, a Chinese herb. It is not currently FDA-approved, but is undergoing clinical trials conducted by the pharmaceutical company Panacos.		
DB06582	Dextofisopam	investigational			
DB06584	TG4010	investigational	A bivalent cancer vaccine comprised of a modified vaccinia virus Ankara (MVA) strain encoding human mucin 1 (MUC1) and interleukin-2 (IL-2) with potential immunostimulating and antineoplastic activities. Originally developed for the eradication of smallpox, MVA is a highly attenuated and replication-defective strain incapable of virion assembly and exerts potent immunostimulatory activity against antigens. Vaccination with MVA-MUC1-IL2 vaccine may stimulate the host immune system to mount a humoral and cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) responses against tumor cells expressing MUC1, a tumor associated antigen, resulting in tumor cell lysis. Expression of IL-2 augments the specific CTL response against MUC1 expressing cells. [L5191]		
DB06585	Fipamezole	investigational			
DB06586	Cetilistat	investigational	Cetilistat is a novel inhibitor of pancreatic lipase being developed by Alizyme for the treatment of obesity and associated co-morbidities, including type 2 diabetes.		
DB06587	Mitemcinal	investigational	Mitemcinal (GM-611) is a novel erythromycin-derived prokinetic agent that acts as an agonist at the motilin receptor.		
DB06588	Triphendiol	investigational			
DB06589	Pazopanib	approved	Pazopanib is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. It is developed by GlaxoSmithKline and was FDA approved on October 19, 2009.		
DB06590	Ceftaroline fosamil	approved,investigational	Ceftaroline fosamil is a cephalosporin antibacterial indicated for the treatment of the following infections caused by designated susceptible bacteria:Acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. Community-acquired bacterial pneumonia.		
DB06592	Pegargiminase	investigational	Pegargiminase is an anticancer agent.		
DB06594	Agomelatine	approved,investigational	Agomelatine is structurally closely related to melatonin. Agomelatine is a potent agonist at melatonin receptors and an antagonist at serotonin-2C (5-HT2C) receptors, tested in an animal model of depression. Agomelatine was developed in Europe by Servier Laboratories Ltd. and submitted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2005. The Committee for Medical Products for Human Use (CHMP) recommended refusal of marketing authorization on 27 July 2006. The major concern was that efficacy had not been sufficiently shown. In 2006 Servier sold the rights to develop Agomelatine in the US to Novartis.The development for the US market was discontinued in October 2011. It is currently sold in Australia under the Valdoxan trade name.		
DB06595	Midostaurin	approved,investigational	Midostaurin (as Rydapt) is a multitarget kinase inhibitor for the treatment for adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have a specific genetic mutation called FLT3. It was initially characterized as a potential broad-spectrum antineoplastic agent, with activity toward diverse solid and hematopoietic tumors [A19108]. It was approved on April 28, 2017 and has shown to increase the overall survival rate in patients with AML as an adjunct therapy along with chemotherapeutic agents.		
DB06597	Estradiol sulfamate	investigational			
DB06598	Brostallicin	investigational			
DB06599	Lexatumumab	investigational	Lexatumumab is a fully humanized, high-affinity immunoglobulin G(1 lambda) monoclonal antibody (mAb).		
DB06600	Nemonoxacin	investigational			
DB06602	Reslizumab	approved,investigational	Reslizumab is a humanized interleukin-5 (IL-5) antagonist monoclonal antibody (IgG4 kappa) that is produced by recombinant DNA technology in murine myeloma non-secreting 0 (NS0) cells. IL-5 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that is responsible for the growth and differentiation, recruitment, activation, and survival of eosinophils [FDA Label]. Elevated levels of eosinophils increase the risk for asthma exacerbations, including both allergic forms and nonallergic forms of asthma where eosinophilia is prominent. By targeting the IL-5 and disrupting its signalling pathways, reslizumab aims to inhibit eosinophil maturation and promote programmed cell death [A31578].Asthma is a chronic respiratory disease that causes inflammation in the lungs with asthma attacks that lead to severe breathing difficulties. Patients often experience persistent or exacerbating symptoms overtime despite conventional first-line therapies available. Inflammation-predominant asthma, which is chatacterized by eosinophilic infiltration of airway mucosa and elevated levels of eosinophils in the blood, sputum and BAL fluid, is associated with an increased risk for recurrent exacerbation and asthma-related hospitalizations [A31579]. In four double-blind, randomized, placebo‑controlled trials in patients with severe asthma on currently available therapies, patients receiving reslizumab had fewer asthma attacks, and a longer time to the first attack compared to patients receiving placebo [FDA Label, A31579]. In addition, a significant improvement in lung function was seen, as measured by the volume of air exhaled by patients in one second [L1133]. Studies demonstrated that reslizumab was not effective in various asthma outcomes in patients without eosinophilia [A31577].Reslizumab was developed by Teva Pharmaceuticals. Approved by the FDA in March 2016, reslizumab is marketed under the brand name Cinqair for intravenous injection. It is injected once every four weeks via intravenous infusion. Cinqair is indicated as an add-on maintenance therapy for adults with severe asthma with an eosinophilic phenotype. It is approved for patients who have a history of severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) despite receiving their current asthma medicines. Reslizumab is marketed as Cinqaero in Europe.		
DB06603	Panobinostat	approved,investigational	Panobinostat is an oral deacetylace (DAC) inhibitor approved on February 23, 2015 by the FDA for the treatment of multiple myeloma. The approval was accelerated based on progression-free survival, therefore confirmatory trials by the sponsor to demonstrate clinical efficacy in multiple myeloma treatment are in progress of being conducted. Panobinostat is marketed by Novartis under the brand name Farydak. Panobinostat acts as a non-selective histone deacetylase inhibitor (pan-HDAC inhibitor) and it is the most potent DAC inhibiting agent available on the market.		
DB06604	Ilepatril	investigational			
DB06605	Apixaban	approved	Apixaban is an oral, direct, and highly selective factor Xa (FXa) inhibitor of both free and bound FXa, as well as prothrombinase, independent of antithrombin III for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic diseases[Label,A6897]. It is marketed under the name Eliquis[Label,L6043]. Apixaban was approved by the FDA on December 28, 2012[L6043].		
DB06606	Teplizumab	investigational			
DB06607	Catumaxomab	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Catumaxumab is a trifunctional monoclonal antibody developed for use in cancer treatment. It has affinity for T-cells, accessory immune cells, and cancer cells. Catumaxumab was initially authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in April 2009 for the treatment of malignant ascites [L1122]. Its market authorization was withdrawn in the EU in June 2017 at the manufacturer's request due to the company's insolvency. Catumaxumab was approved for market in Canada in May 2012 for the same condition [FDA Label]. It is currently available under the brand name Removab.		
DB06608	Tafenoquine	approved,investigational	Tafenoquine is an 8-aminoquinoline analogue of primaquine which varies only on the presence of a 5-phenoxy group.[A35671, A35690] It was discovered by the scientists at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research in 1978 as a substitute for primaquine that would be more effective against relapsing vivax malaria.[A35690] Tafenoquine was further developed collaboratively between GlaxoSmithKline and Medicines for Malaria Venture.[A35677] It was FDA approved on July 20, 2018.[L3770]		
DB06609	Odiparcil	investigational			
DB06610	Omiganan	investigational	Omiganan has been investigated for the treatment of Mupirocin-resistant MRSA skin infections.		
DB06611	Pegsunercept	investigational	Pegsunercept is used for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Phase II clinical trials were completed in January 2010.		
DB06612	Mepolizumab	approved,investigational	Eosinophils are involved in inflammatory immune responses, and prolonged hypereosinophilia (typically defined as absolute eosinophil levels of 1500/mm<sup>3</sup> or more) is associated with a spectrum of diseases, including severe asthma, eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis (EGPA), and hypereosinophilic syndrome (HES). The pathogenesis of eosinophilia is complex, but IL-5 is recognized as a key cytokine involved in the differentiation, recruitment, activation, and prolonged survival of eosinophils in peripheral tissue. Activated eosinophils further stimulate an inflammatory response and also induce tissue lesions and promote fibrosis, all of which contribute to the multifactorial symptomatology of hypereosinophilic diseases.[A221048, A221053, A221058, A221063, A221068, L16518]Mepolizumab is a fully-humanized recombinant IgG1 kappa monoclonal antibody directed against IL-5 produced in Chinese hamster ovary cells. Mepolizumab was first approved by the FDA on November 4, 2015, as an add-on therapy for severe asthma and marketed under the brand name Nucala by GlaxoSmithKline. This indication was subsequently expanded to cover EGPA on December 12, 2017, and HES on September 25, 2020.[L16518]		
DB06614	Peramivir	approved,investigational	Peramivir is an antiviral agent developed by Biocryst Pharmaceuticals to treat influenza A/B. The development of peramivir has been supported by the US Department of Health and Human Services as part of the government's effort to prepare for a flu pandemic. Being an influenza virus neuraminidase inhibitor, peramivir works by preventing new viruses from emerging from infected cells. Due to the poor oral bioavailability, the oral formulation of the drug was previously abandoned by Johnson and Johnson Company. The injectable intravenous formulation of peramivir was approved by the FDA in September 2017 for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza to pediatric patients 2 years and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days.		
DB06616	Bosutinib	approved	Bosutinib is a Bcr-Abl kinase inhibitor for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). Compared to other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, it has a more favourable hematologic toxicity profile. FDA approved on September 4, 2012.	Bosutinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB06618	Cutamesine	investigational			
DB06619	Amdoxovir	investigational			
DB06620	Aplindore	investigational			
DB06622	7-beta-Hydroxyepiandrosterone	investigational			
DB06623	Flupirtine	investigational	Flupirtine is a pyridine derivative that is in clinical use as a nonopioid analgesic. It was approved for the treatment of pain in 1984 in Europe. It is not approved for use in the U.S. or Canada, but is currently in phase II trials for the treatment of fibromyalgia.		
DB06624	Taranabant	investigational			
DB06625	Vipadenant	investigational			
DB06626	Axitinib	approved,investigational	Axitinib is a second generation tyrosine kinase inhibitor that works by selectively inhibiting vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR-1, VEGFR-2, VEGFR-3).[L6676] Through this mechanism of action, axitinib blocks angiogenesis, tumour growth and metastases. It is reported to exhibit potency that is 50-450 times higher than that of the first generation VEGFR inhibitors.[L6676] Axitinib is an indazole derivative.[A179398] It is most commonly marketed under the name Inlyta® and is available in oral formulations.		
DB06629	Zibotentan	investigational			
DB06630	Anacetrapib	investigational			
DB06633	N-chlorotaurine	investigational	N-chlorotaurine is an inhibitor of inducible nitric oxide synthase and IkappaB kinase.		
DB06634	Casopitant	investigational			
DB06635	Otamixaban	investigational	Otamixaban is a novel direct Factor Xa (FXa) inhibitor. It is currently being developed by the French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis as a treatment for acute coronary syndrome.		
DB06636	Isavuconazonium	approved,investigational	Isavuconazonium is a second-generation triazole antifungal approved on March 6, 2015 by the FDA for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis, marketed by Astellas under the brand Cresemba. It is the prodrug form of isavuconazole, the active moiety, and it is available in oral and parenteral formulations. Due to low solubility in water of isavuconazole on its own, the isovuconazonium formulation is favorable as it has high solubility in water and allows for intravenous administration. This formulation also avoids the use of a cyclodextrin vehicle for solubilization required for intravenous administration of other antifungals such as voriconazole and posaconazole, eliminating concerns of nephrotoxicity associated with cyclodextrin. Isovuconazonium has excellent oral bioavailability, predictable pharmacokinetics, and a good safety profile, making it a reasonable alternative to its few other competitors on the market.		
DB06637	Dalfampridine	approved	Dalfampridine is a potassium channel blocker used to help multiple sclerosis patients walk. This is the first drug that was specifically approved to help with mobility in these patients. FDA approved on January 22, 2010.		
DB06638	Quarfloxin	investigational			
DB06640	Fispemifene	investigational			
DB06641	Perifosine	investigational	Perifosine is a novel alkylphospholipid with antiproliferative properties attributed to protein kinase B inhibition.		
DB06642	Bevasiranib	investigational	Bevasiranib is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A).		
DB06643	Denosumab	approved	Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010.		
DB06645	Anamorelin	investigational			
DB06647	Volociximab	investigational			
DB06649	Priralfinamide	investigational			
DB06650	Ofatumumab	approved	Ofatumumab is a novel anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody that targets B-cells. It is an IgG1κ human monoclonal antibody produced from a recombinant murine cell line (NS0) via transgenic mouse and hybridoma technology.[L12612] Ofatumumab works by recognizing antigens that are expressed on the tumour cells in certain cancers; however, the antigen is not tumour-specific and can also be found in normal B-cells.[A6921] Ofatumumab was first approved by the FDA in 2009.[L12771] It is used in the treatment of recurrent, progressive, or recurrent chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or CLL in treatment-naive patients in whom fludarabine-based therapy is considered inappropriate. Ofatumumab is used as monotherapy or in combination with other medications, depending on the patient profile and previous treatment history.[L12612] Although it has a similar molecular mechanism of action as [rituximab], another CD-20 monoclonal antibody used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, ofatumumab has a higher affinity towards CD20.[A6921]Ofatumumab is available for intravenous administration and is marketed as Arzerra. In Phase III clinical trials consisting of subjects with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis (RMS), subcutaneous administration of ofatumumab reduced the number of relapses and delayed disease progression. In February 2020, FDA and EMA approved Supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) and Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), respectively, for ofatumumab for the treatment of RMS in adults.[L12753] The FDA subsequently approved ofatumumab for the treatment of RMS on August 20, 2020.[L15581] The potential therapeutic use of ofatumumab in various lymphomas and rheumatoid arthritis has also been investigated.[A193053]		
DB06651	DiaPep 277	investigational	DiaPep 277 is a 24-mer laboratory-made peptide derived from Hsp60(437-460).		
DB06652	Vicriviroc	investigational	Vicriviroc, also known as SCH 417690 and SCH-D, is currently in clinical trials for the management of HIV-1. This pyrimidine based drug inhibits the interaction of HIV-1 with CCR5, preventing viral entry into cells. This drug was developed by Schering-Plough.		
DB06654	Safinamide	approved,investigational	Safinamide is  for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.		
DB06655	Liraglutide	approved	Victoza contains liraglutide, a synthetic analog of human glucagon-like peptide-1(GLP-1) and acts as a GLP-1 receptor agonist[Label,A6932]. Liraglutide is 97% homologous to native human GLP-1 by substituting arginine for lysine at position 34[A6932]. Liraglutide is made by attaching a C-16 fatty acid (palmitic acid) with a glutamic acid spacer on the remaining lysine residue at position 26 of the peptide precursor[A6932]. Liraglutide was granted FDA approval on Januray 25, 2010[L6070].		
DB06656	TAS-106	investigational	TAS-106 is a new nucleoside antimetabolite. TAS-106 has demonstrated strong antitumor activity without serious toxicity in nude rat models bearing human tumours [A31693].		
DB06657	Valrocemide	investigational			
DB06659	Rostaporfin	investigational			
DB06660	Saredutant	investigational	Saredutant (SR 48968) is a neurokinin-2 antagonist drug being developed as an antidepressant and anxiolytic by Sanofi-Aventis.		
DB06662	Abetimus	investigational	Abetimus was developed by La Jolla Pharmaceuticals as an immunosuppressant but was never marketed in American or Europe despite application for marketing authorization in the mid-2000s.		
DB06663	Pasireotide	approved	Pasireotide is a synthetic long-acting cyclic hexapeptide with somatostatin-like activity. It is marketed as a diaspartate salt called Signifor, which is used in the treatment of Cushing's disease.		
DB06666	Lixivaptan	investigational			
DB06669	Arverapamil	investigational			
DB06670	Odanacatib	investigational	Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [A19388]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.		
DB06673	Almorexant	investigational			
DB06674	Golimumab	approved	Golimumab is a human IgG1қ monoclonal antibody derived from immunizing genetically engineered mice with human TNFα. Golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNFα. Increased TNFα is associated with chronic inflammation. Thus golimumab is indicated for use in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications. In the U.S. and Canada, golimumab is marketed under the brand name Simponi®. The FDA label includes a black box warning of serious infections and malignancy. Additionally in children and adolescents taking golimumab, there have been lymphoma and other malignancies observed.		
DB06677	Clazosentan	investigational			
DB06678	Esmirtazapine	investigational	Esmirtazapine, known by the standardized identifier SCH 900265, was under development by Organon to treat insomnia and vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause. Esmirtazapine is the (S)-(+)-enantiomer of mirtazapine and possesses similar overall pharmacology. This includes inverse agonist activity of H1 and 5-HT2 receptors and antagonism of α2-adrenergic receptors. Merck has terminated its internal clinical development program for esmirtazapine as of March 2010.		
DB06679	Amediplase	investigational	Amediplase is a recombinant chimeric plasminogen activator, consisting of the kringle 2 domain from the A-chain of tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) and the carboxy terminal region of pro-urokinase. [MeSH]		
DB06680	Asoprisnil	investigational	Asoprisnil (J867) is a selective progesterone receptor modulator. It can be used to treat progesterone sensitive myomata.		
DB06681	Belatacept	approved,investigational	Belatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. It is approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Belatacept selectively blocks the process of T-cell activation. It was developed by Bristol-Myers-Squibb. Belatacept is only 2 amino acids different from abatacept (Orencia). FDA approved on June 15, 2011.		
DB06682	Naproxcinod	investigational			
DB06683	Clevudine	investigational			
DB06684	Vilazodone	approved	Vilazodone is a novel compound with combined high affinity and selectivity for the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) transporter and 5-HT(1A) receptors[Label,A177622]. Vilazodone may also be associated with less sexual dysfunction and weight gain[A6947]. Vilazodone was given FDA approval on January 21, 2011[L6046,A177622].		
DB06685	Laquinimod	investigational	Laquinimod is an immunomodulator developed by Active Biotech and produced by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. It is currently under development in phase III trials for treatment of multiple sclerosis as an oral therapy, like fingolimod. It has been shown to reduce disease activity on magnetic resonance imaging and to be well tolerated orally.		
DB06688	Sipuleucel-T	approved,investigational	Sipuleucel-T is a personalized, autologous, cellular immunotherapy. Sipuleucel-T is a therapeutic cancer vaccine for prostate cancer. Sipuleucel-T selectively targets the prostate-specific antigen (PSA) known as prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP) that is expressed in around 95% of prostate cancers. It must be prepared specifically for each patient. In metastatic prostate cancer, it has extended survival by median 4.1 months (IMPACT Phase III trial data). Sipuleucel-T is marketed under the brand name Provenge by Dendreon Corporation. Sipuleucel-T was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on April 29, 2010, to treat asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic metastatic Hormone-Refractory Prostate Cancer (HRPC). The treatment initially cost $93,000 at the time of FDA approval, but rose to over $100,000 in 2014.		
DB06689	Ethanolamine oleate	approved	Ethanolamine oleate is a mild sclerosing agent.  It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.		
DB06690	Nitrous oxide	approved,vet_approved	Nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", is a chemical compound with the chemical formula N2O. At room temperature, it is a colorless non-flammable gas, with a pleasant, slightly sweet odor and taste. It is used in surgery and dentistry for its anesthetic and analgesic effects. It is known as "laughing gas" due to the euphoric effects of inhaling it, a property that has led to its recreational use as an inhalant drug.		
DB06691	Mepyramine	approved,vet_approved	Mepyramine, or pyrilamine, targets the H1 receptor. It is a first generation antihistamine. However, it rapidly permeates the brain and so often causes drowsiness as a side effect. It has been found in over-the-counter combination products for colds and menstrual symptoms, but is considered to be an unapproved prescription medication used for cough, cold, or allergic conditions.	Mepyramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB06692	Aprotinin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Aprotinin is a protein-based drug that is also known as bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor (BPTI). Since it demonstrates the capacity to slow fibrinolysis, it has been employed to reduce bleeding during complex surgery such as heart and liver surgery. For this use, it is typically administered by injection. The goal of using of aprotinin was subsequently to minimize end-organ damage resulting from hypotension due to blood loss in surgery and to reduce the necessity for blood transfusions during surgery. Nevertheless, the drug was formally withdrawn worldwide in May of 2008 after studies confirmed that its use enhanced the risk of complications or death. The substance is consequently made available only for very restricted research use.	Aprotinin Action Pathway	
DB06693	Mevastatin	experimental	Mevastatin or compactin is a cholesterol-lowering agent isolated from <i>Penicillium citinium</i>. It was the first discovered agent belonging to the class of cholesterol-lowering medications known as statins. During a search for antibiotic compounds produced by fungi in 1971, Akira Endo at Sankyo Co. (Japan) discovered a class of compounds that appeared to lower plasma cholesterol levels. Two years later, the research group isolated a compound structurally similar to hydroxymethylglutarate (HMG) that inhibited the incorporation of acetate. The compound was proposed to bind to the reductase enzyme and was named compactin. Mevastatin is a competitive inhibitor of HMG-Coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase with a binding affinity 10,000 times greater than the HMG-CoA substrate itself. Mevastatin is a pro-drug that is activated by <i>in vivo</i> hydrolysis of the lactone ring. It has served as one of the lead compounds for the development of the synthetic compounds used today.		
DB06694	Xylometazoline	approved,investigational	A nasal vasoconstricting decongestant drug which acts by binding to the same receptors as adrenaline. It is applied as a spray or as drops into the nose to ease inflammation and congestion of the nasal passageways. It binds alpha-adrenergic receptors to activate the adrenal system which causes systemic vasoconstriction, thereby easing nasal congestion.		
DB06695	Dabigatran etexilate	approved	Dabigatran etexilate is an oral prodrug that is hydrolyzed to the competitive and reversible direct thrombin inhibitor [dabigatran][Label,A177463,A6970]. Dabigatran etexilate may be used to decrease the risk of venous thromboembolic events in patients in whom anticoagulation therapy is indicated[A177463]. In contrast to warfarin, because its anticoagulant effects are predictable, lab monitoring is not necessary[A177463]. Dabigatran etexilate was approved by the FDA in 2010[L6022].		
DB06696	Arbekacin	experimental,investigational	An semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic. Often used for treatment of multi-resistant bacterial infection such as methicillin-resistant _Staphylococcus aureus_ (MRSA).	Arbekacin Action Pathway	
DB06697	Artemether	approved	Artemether is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with lumefantrine for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of <i>Plasmodium spp.</i> and may be used to treat infections caused by <i>P. falciparum</i> and unidentified <i>Plasmodium</i> species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.	Artemether Metabolism Pathway	
DB06698	Betahistine	approved,investigational	Ménière's disease is a progressive disease of the inner ear characterized by vertigo, tinnitus, and hearing loss. It has a significant impact on both the physical and social functioning of affected individuals.[A220318,L16408] Betahistine is a histamine-like antivertigo drug used for treating symptoms associated with Ménière's disease. It is thought to reduce symptoms through its actions on histamine receptors.[A220333,L16403] Betahistine was first approved by the FDA in the 1970s but withdrawn within approximately 5 years due to a lack of evidence supporting its efficacy.  It is currently marketed in Canada by various companies, including Teva Pharmaceuticals.	Betahistine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB06699	Degarelix	approved	Degarelix is used for the treatment of advanced prostate cancer. Degarelix is a synthetic peptide derivative drug which binds to gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors in the pituitary gland and blocks interaction with GnRH. This antagonism reduces luteinising hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) which ultimately causes testosterone suppression. Reduction in testosterone is important in treating men with advanced prostate cancer. Chemically, it is a synthetic linear decapeptide amide with seven unnatural amino acids, five of which are D-amino acids. FDA approved on December 24, 2008.		
DB06700	Desvenlafaxine	approved,investigational	Desvenlafaxine (O-desmethylvenlafaxine) the major active metabolite of venlafaxine, is an antidepressant from the serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) class[Label]. Desvenlafaxine may be used to treat major depressive disorder[Label]. It is formulated as an extended release tablet[Label]. Desvenlafaxine was approved by the FDA in 2008[L6016].	Venlafaxine Metabolism Pathway	
DB06701	Dexmethylphenidate	approved,investigational	Dexmethylphenidate is the dextrorotary form of methylphenidate introduced in 2002[A177181]. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and thus a psychostimulant[A177193]. It is used for treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)[Label,A177181]. The d-isomer is thought to have greater effect with fewer side effects than the l-isomer or the racemic mixture[A177181].		
DB06702	Fesoterodine	approved	Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic prodrug for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome.		
DB06703	Gadobutrol	approved	Intravenous gadobutrol is a second-generation extracellular non-ionic macrocyclic GBCA (gadolinium-based contrast agent) used in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults and children older than 2 years of age. It may help visualize and detect vascular abnormalities in the blood brain barrier (BBB) and central nervous system (CNS). In patients with impaired renal function, gadolinium based contrast agents increase the risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). A physician should be contacted if symptoms of NSF are encountered, such as dark or red patches on the skin; stiffness in joints; trouble moving, bending or straightening arms, hands, legs or feet; burning, itching, swelling, scaling, hardening and tightening of skin; pain in hip bones or ribs; or muscle weakness. Common adverse reactions that may be experienced include headache, nausea, feeling hot, abnormal taste, and warmth, burning or pain local to the injection site. General precautions should be taken in patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding, or who have a history of allergic reaction to contrast media, bronchial asthma or an allergic respiratory disorder.		
DB06704	Iobenguane	approved,investigational	Synthetic guanethidine derivative that locates phaeochromocytomas and neuroblastomas. The radioisotope used can either be iodine-123 for imaging or iodine-131 for destruction of tissues that metabolize noradrenaline. Iodine 123 is a cyclotron-produced radionuclide that decays to Te 123 by electron capture. Images are produced by a I123 MIBG scintigraphy. FDA approved on September 19, 2008.		
DB06705	Gadofosveset trisodium	approved	Gadofosveset trisodium is an intravenous contrast agent used with magnetic resonance angiography(MRA), which is a non-invasive way of imaging blood vessels. The agent allows for the vascular system to be imaged more clearly by the MRA. In this way, gadofosveset trisodium is used to help diagnose certain disorders of the heart and blood vessels.		
DB06706	Isometheptene	approved	Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.		
DB06707	Levonordefrin	approved	Levonordefrin acts as a topical nasal decongestant and vasoconstrictor, most often used in dentistry.		
DB06708	Lumefantrine	approved	Lumefantrine is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with artemether for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of <i>Plasmodium spp.</i> and may be used to treat infections caused by <i>P. falciparum</i> and unidentified <i>Plasmodium</i> species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.		
DB06709	Methacholine	approved,investigational	Methacholine acts as a non-selective muscarinic receptor agonist to stimulate the parasympathetic nervous system. It is most commonly used for diagnosing bronchial hyperreactivity, using the bronchial challenge test. Through this test, the drug causes bronchoconstriction and people with pre-existing airway hyperreactivity, such as asthmatics, will react to lower doses of drug.		
DB06710	Methyltestosterone	approved	A synthetic anabolic steroid used for treating men with testosterone deficiency or similar androgen replacement therapies. Also, has antineoplastic properties and so has been used secondarily in women with advanced breast cancer. Methyltestosterone is a schedule III drug in the US.		
DB06711	Naphazoline	approved,investigational	Naphazoline is a rapid acting imidazoline sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of ocular or nasal artierioles[L5804,L5807]. It acts to decrease congestion and is found in many over the counter (OTC) eye drops and nasal preparations[L5804,L5807].Naphazoline was first developed in 1942 as a nasal formulation for congestion[A176609].		
DB06712	Nilvadipine	approved,investigational	Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB) for treatment of hypertension.		
DB06713	Norelgestromin	approved,investigational	Norelgestromin is a drug used in contraception. Norelgestromin is the active progestin responsible for the progestational activity that occurs in women after application of ORTHO EVRA patch.		
DB06714	Propylhexedrine	approved	Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.		
DB06715	Potassium Iodide	approved	Saturated solution of Potassium Iodide (SSKI) is used pharmaceutically for emergency use in patients experiencing acute symptoms of severe hyperthyroidism (also known as thyroid storm or thyrotoxic crisis). SSKI can also be used for radioiodine-contamination emergencies or in preparation of thyrotoxic patients for thyroidectomy.		
DB06716	Fospropofol	approved,illicit,investigational	Fospropofol is a water soluble prodrug and is converted to propofol in the liver. Fospropofol is a short acting hypnotic/sedative/anesthetic agent. Unlike propofol, does not cause injection-site pain as it is unable to activate TRPA1. FDA approved in December 2008.Fospropofol is a Schedule IV controlled substance in the United States under the Controlled Substances Act.		
DB06717	Fosaprepitant	approved	Fosaprepitant is an intravenously administered antiemetic drug. It is a prodrug of Aprepitant. It aids in the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy treatment.		
DB06718	Stanozolol	approved,vet_approved	Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol is derived from testosterone, and has been abused by several high profile professional athletes.		
DB06719	Buserelin	approved,investigational	Buserelin is a synthetic peptide analog of the luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist, which stimulates the pituitary gland's gonadotrophin-releasing hormone receptor (GnRHR). It is used in prostate cancer treatment.		
DB06720	Velaglucerase alfa	approved,investigational	Velaglucerase alfa is a gene-activated human recombinant glucocerebrosidase used for the treatment of Type 1 Gaucher disease, caused by a deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme glucocerebrosidase. Additionally, Velaglucerase alfa has also been investigated for use in Type 3 Gaucher disease.		
DB06721	Gimatecan	investigational	Gimatecan is an orally available 7-t-butoxyiminomethyl-substituted lipophilic camptothecin derivative.		
DB06723	Aluminum hydroxide	approved,investigational	Aluminum hydroxide is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects.		
DB06724	Calcium carbonate	approved,investigational	Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.		
DB06725	Lornoxicam	approved,investigational	Lornoxicam (chlortenoxicam) is a new nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) of the oxicam class with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties. Lornoxicam differs from other oxicam compounds in its potent inhibition of prostaglandin biosynthesis, a property that explains the particularly pronounced efficacy of the drug. Lornoxicam is approved for use in Japan.	Lornoxicam Action Pathway	
DB06726	Bufuralol	experimental	Bufuralol is a new, non-selective -adrenoceptor blocking agent.		
DB06727	Sparteine	experimental	Sparteine is a plant alkaloid derived from Cytisus scoparius and Lupinus mutabilis which may chelate calcium and magnesium. It is a sodium channel blocker so it falls under the category of class 1a antiarrhythmic agents. Sparteine is not currently FDA approved for human use.		
DB06728	Aniline	experimental	Aniline, phenylamine or aminobenzene is an organic compound with the formula C6H5NH2. Consisting of an amine attached to a benzene ring, aniline is the prototypical aromatic amine. Being a precursor to many industrial chemicals, its main use is in the manufacture of precursors to polyurethane. Like most volatile amines, it possesses the somewhat unpleasant odour of rotten fish. Aniline is colorless, but it slowly oxidizes and resinifies in air, giving a red-brown tint to aged samples.		
DB06729	Sulfaphenazole	approved	Sulfaphenazole is a sulfonamide antibacterial.		
DB06730	Gestodene	investigational	Gestodene is a progestogen hormonal contraceptive. Products containing gestoden include Meliane, which contains 20 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene; and Gynera, which contains 30 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene.		
DB06731	Seproxetine	investigational	Seproxetine is also known as (S)-norfluoxetine. It is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). It is an active metabolite of fluoxetine. Seproxetine was being investigated by Eli Lilly as an antidepressant but development was never completed and the drug was never marketed.	Fluoxetine Metabolism Pathway,Fluoxetine Action Pathway	
DB06732	beta-Naphthoflavone	experimental	β-Naphthoflavone, also known as 5,6-benzoflavone, is a potent agonist of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor and induces cytochromes P450 (CYPs) and uridine 5'-diphospho-glucuronosyltransferases (UGTs). It may be a chemopreventive agent.		
DB06733	Bafilomycin A1	experimental	The bafilomycins refer to a category of toxic macrolide antibiotics that are derivatives of Streptomyces griseus. These compounds all appear in the same fermentation and have similar biological activity. Bafilomycins are specific inhibitors of vacuolar-type H+-ATPase. (V-ATPase). The most commonly utilized bafilomycin is bafilomycin A1. This is a useful tool as it can prevent the re-acidification of synaptic vesicles once they have undergone exocytosis.		
DB06734	Bafilomycin B1	experimental			
DB06735	Enclomiphene	investigational			
DB06736	Aceclofenac	approved,investigational	Aceclofenac is an oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with marked anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties used to treat osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. It is reported to have a higher anti-inflammatory action or at least comparable effects than conventional NSAIDs in double-blind studies [A19667, A19668, A19670]. Aceclofenac potently inhibits the cyclo-oxygenase enzyme (COX) that is involved in the synthesis of prostaglandins, which are inflammatory mediators that cause pain, swelling, inflammation, and fever. Aceclofenac belongs to BCS Class II as it possesses poor aqueous solubility [A19667]. It displays high permeability to penetrate into synovial joints where in patients with osteoarthritis and related conditions, the loss of articular cartilage in the area causes joint pain, tenderness, stiffness, crepitus, and local inflammation [A19666]. Aceclofenac is also reported to be effective in other painful conditions such as dental and gynaecological conditions [A19672]. In 1991, aceclofenac was developed as an analog of a commonly prescribed NSAID, [DB00586], via chemical modification in effort to improve the gastrointestinal tolerability of the drug. It is a more commonly prescribed drug in Europe.		
DB06737	Zaltoprofen	experimental	A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug approved for use in Japan in 1993.		
DB06738	Ketobemidone	investigational	Ketobemidone is a powerful opioid analgesic. It also has some NMDA-antagonist properties. This makes it useful for some types of pain that don't respond well to other opioids. The most commonly cited equalisation ratio for analgesic doses is 25 mg of ketobemidone hydrobromide to 60 mg of morphine hydrochloride or sulfate and circa 8 mg of ketobemidone by injection.	Ketobemidone  Action Pathway	
DB06739	Seratrodast	experimental	Seratrodast (INN) is a thromboxane receptor antagonist used primarily in the treatment of asthma.		
DB06740	BW-A 58C	experimental	BW-A 58C, also known as 2-(4-tert-butylcyclohexyl)-3-hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone, is an experimental naphthoquinone antimalarial drug which undergoes extensive alkyl hydroxylation to a single t-butylhydroxy metabolite in man in vivo and also in human liver microsomes, where this is catalysed primarily by a 54 kDa CYP2C9 form of cytochrome P450, P450hB20-27.		
DB06741	Gavestinel	investigational	Highly potent and selective non-competitive antagonist acting at the strychnine-insensitive glycine binding site of the NMDA receptor-channel complex (Kd = 0.8 nM). Gavestinel displays > 1000-fold selectivity over NMDA, AMPA and kainate binding sites and is orally bioavailable and active in vivo.		
DB06742	Ambroxol	approved,investigational	Ambroxol is a secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus. It is the active ingredient of Mucosolvan, Lasolvan or Mucoangin. The substance is a mucoactive drug with several properties including secretolytic and secretomotoric actions that restore the physiological clearance mechanisms of the respiratory tract which play an important role in the body’s natural defence mechanisms. It stimulates synthesis and release of surfactant by type II pneumocytes. Surfactants acts as an anti-glue factor by reducing the adhesion of mucus to the bronchial wall, in improving its transport and in providing protection against infection and irritating agents.		
DB06743	Ginkgolide A	nutraceutical	Ginkgolide A is a highly active PAF antagonist cage molecule that is isolated from the leaves of the Ginkgo biloba tree. Shows potential in a wide variety of inflammatory and immunological disorders.		
DB06744	ginkgolide-B	nutraceutical			
DB06745	ginkgolide-C	nutraceutical			
DB06746	ginkgolide-J	nutraceutical			
DB06747	ginkgolide-M	nutraceutical			
DB06748	Ginsenoside C	nutraceutical			
DB06749	Ginsenoside Rb1	nutraceutical	Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of ginseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rb1 appears to be most abundant in Panax quinquefolius (American Ginseng). Rb1 seems to affect the reproductive system in animal testicles. Recent research shows that Rb1 affects rat embryo development and has teratogenic effects, causing birth defects. Another study shows that Rb1 may increase testosterone production in male rats indirectly through the stimulation of the luteinizing hormone.		
DB06750	Ginsenoside Rg1	nutraceutical	Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of ginseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rg1 Appears to be most abundant in Panax ginseng (Chinese/Korean Ginseng). It improves spatial learning and increase hippocampal synaptophysin level in mice, plus demonstrates estrogen-like activity.		
DB06751	Drotaverine	approved,investigational	Drotaverine (INN, also known as drotaverin) is an antispasmodic drug, structurally related to papaverine. Drotaverine is a selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4, and has no anticholinergic effects. Drotaverine has been shown to possess dose-dependant analgesic effects in animal models. One small study has shown drotaverine to be eliminated mainly non-renally.		
DB06752	Chymopapain	approved,withdrawn	Chymopapain was first isolated in 1941 from the crude latex derived from the fruit of Carica papaya by squeezing the green papaya while on the plant prior to harvest.[L2482]It is an extracellular plant cysteine proteinase similar to papain in specificity.[A32688] Chymopapain was developed by Chart Medcl and FDA approved on November 10, 1982. It is currently discontinued.[L2487]		
DB06753	Triclofos	approved,withdrawn			
DB06754	Danaparoid	approved,withdrawn	Danaparoid is a low-molecular-weight heparinoid with an average molecular weight of 5500 Daltons consisting of a mixture of glycosaminoglycans [A32565]. The active constituents are heparan, dermatan and [DB09301] [T28], and they are isolated from the porcine intestinal mucosa [FDA Label]. Danaparoid possesses a potent antithrombic activity that works by inhibiting activated factor X (Factor Xa) and activated factor II (Factor IIa). It is chemically distinct from heparin by containing different protein binding properties, thus has lower cross-reactivity in heparin-intolerant patients. Danaproid is used in the treatment of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) as an off-label indication and prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis (DVT). While it was initially approved by the FDA as Orgaran™, danaparoid was withdrawn by Organon International on August 14, 2002, due to a shortage in drug substance by the manufacturer. The use of Orgaran™ was discontinued in the United States however it is available in several other countries including European countries and Japan. Danaparoid sodium is the common salt form in therapeutic preparations and is typically administered subcutaneously.		
DB06755	Beta carotene	approved,nutraceutical	Beta-carotene, with the molecular formula C40H56, belongs to the group of carotenoids consisting of isoprene units. The presence of long chains of conjugated double bonds donates beta-carotene with specific colors.[T162] It is the most abundant form of carotenoid and it is a precursor of the vitamin A. Beta-carotene is composed of two retinyl groups. It is an antioxidant that can be found in yellow, orange and green leafy vegetables and fruits.[T158] Under the FDA, beta-carotene is considered as a generally recognized as safe substance (GRAS).[L2191]		
DB06756	Glycine betaine	approved,nutraceutical	Betaine is a methyl group donor that functions in the normal metabolic cycle of methionine and reduces homocystinuria in patients with inborn errors of methionine metabolism. In the United States, betaine is distributed under the brand name Cystadane® by Rare Disease Therapeutics. Many reports have shown that betaine's therapeutic effectiveness is limited, and does not lower tHcy levels or prevent clinical symptoms [2].		
DB06757	Manganese	approved,nutraceutical	Manganese is a transition metal with a molar mass of 54.94g/mol. Manganese is considered critical for human health, and plays important roles in development, metabolism, and the antioxidant system. That said, excessive manganese intake is associated with manganism, a neurodegenerative disorder that causes dopaminergic neuronal death and parkinsonian-like symptoms.		
DB06759	Fomivirsen	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [L1428]. It was discovered by scientists at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and was first developed by _Isis Pharmaceuticals_ and subsequently licensed to _Novartis_ [A31990]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).		
DB06760	Sacrosidase	approved	Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief.		
DB06761	Beractant	approved	Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death.  Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.		
DB06762	Pinacidil	approved	Pinacidil is a cyanoguanidine drug that acts by opening ATP-sensitive potassium channels, leading to peripheral vasodilatation of arterioles and decreasing peripheral vascular resistance. The above processes result in reduced blood pressure. This drug has been discontinued by the FDA.		
DB06763	Saralasin	investigational			
DB06764	Tetryzoline	approved	Tetryzoline (also known as Tetrahydrozoline), a derivative of imidazoline, is found in over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Other derivatives include naphazoline, oxymetazoline, and xylometazoline. Johnson and Johnson manufactures tetryzoline eye drops under the brand Visine ®.		
DB06766	Alcaftadine	approved	Alcaftadine is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist indicated for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. This drug was approved in July 2010.	Alcaftadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB06767	Ammonium chloride	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl. It is highly soluble in water producing mildly acidic solutions.		
DB06768	Ammonium lactate	approved	Ammonium lactate is the ammonium salt of lactic acid.		
DB06769	Bendamustine	approved,investigational	Bendamustine is a nitrogen mustard drug indicated for use in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) that has progressed during or within six months of treatment with rituximab or a rituximab-containing regimen.  Bendamustine is a bifunctional mechlorethamine derivative capable of forming electrophilic alkyl groups that covalently bond to other molecules. Through this function as an alkylating agent, bendamustine causes intra- and inter-strand crosslinks between DNA bases resulting in cell death.  It is active against both active and quiescent cells, although the exact mechanism of action is unknown.		
DB06770	Benzyl alcohol	approved			
DB06771	Besifloxacin	approved	Besifloxacin is a fourth generation fluoroquinolone-type opthalmic antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. FDA approved on May 28, 2009.		
DB06772	Cabazitaxel	approved	Cabazitaxel is an anti-neoplastic used with the steroid medicine prednisone. Cabazitaxel is used to treat people with prostate cancer that has progressed despite treatment with docetaxel. Cabazitaxel is prepared by semi-synthesis with a precursor extracted from yew needles (10-deacetylbaccatin III). It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on June 17, 2010.		
DB06773	Human calcitonin	approved,investigational	Calcitonin was first discovered in isolated parathyroid tissue as a substance with a serum-calcium-lowering effect.[A32099] It is constituted as a 32-amino acid single chain polypeptide structure that gets secreted as a regulatory agent in calcium-phosphorus metabolism.[A32098] It is used as an alternative for people developing antibodies against salmon calcitonin.[A32100]		
DB06774	Capsaicin	approved	Capsaicin is most often used as a topical analgesic and exists in many formulations of cream, liquid, and patch preparations of various strengths; however, it may also be found in some dietary supplements. Capsaicin is a naturally-occurring botanical irritant in chili peppers, synthetically derived for pharmaceutical formulations. The most recent capsaicin FDA approval was Qutenza, an 8% capsaicin patch dermal-delivery system, indicated for neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia.		
DB06775	Carglumic acid	approved	Carglumic acid is a drug used for the treatment of hyperammonemia in patients with a deficiency in N-acetyl glutamate synthase. This rare genetic disorder results in elevated blood levels of ammonia, which can eventually cross the blood–brain barrier and cause neurologic problems, cerebral edema, coma, and death. Carglumic acid was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 18 March 2010.		
DB06776	Sodium cellulose phosphate	approved	Sodium cellulose phosphate is used to treat hypercalcemia and hypercalciuria. It has been used to prevent kidney stones. [A31694]This compound is an ion-exchange resin that can not be absorbed by the body. However, it can be used to restore normal intestinal calcium absorption.		
DB06777	Chenodeoxycholic acid	approved	Chenodeoxycholic acid (or Chenodiol) is an epimer of ursodeoxycholic acid (DB01586). Chenodeoxycholic acid is a bile acid naturally found in the body. It works by dissolving the cholesterol that makes gallstones and inhibiting production of cholesterol in the liver and absorption in the intestines, which helps to decrease the formation of gallstones. It can also reduce the amount of other bile acids that can be harmful to liver cells when levels are elevated.	Zellweger Syndrome,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III	
DB06778	Cupric sulfate	approved	Cupric sulfate is a salt created by treating cupric oxide with sulfuric acid. This forms as large, bright blue crystals containing five molecules of water (CuSO4∙5H2O) and is also known as _blue vitriol_. The anhydrous salt is created by heating the hydrate to 150 °C (300 °F). Cupric sulfate is used primarily for agricultural purposes, as a pesticide, germicide, feed additive, and soil additive. Some of its secondary uses are as a raw material in the preparation of other copper compounds, as a reagent in analytic chemistry, as an electrolyte for batteries and electroplating baths, and in medical practice as a locally applied fungicide, bactericide, and astringent [L1820].Copper is an essential trace element and an important catalyst for heme synthesis and iron absorption. After zinc and iron, copper is the third most abundant trace element found in the human body. Copper is a noble metal and its properties include high thermal and electrical conductivity, low corrosion, alloying ability, and malleability.  Copper is a component of intrauterine contraceptive devices  (IUD) and the release of copper is necessary for their important contraceptive effects. The average daily intake of copper in the USA is approximately  1 mg Cu with the diet being a primary source [A32221].Interestingly, the dysregulation of copper has been studied with a focus on neurodegenerative diseases, such as Wilson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, and Parkinson’s disease. Data from clinical observations of the neurotoxic effects of copper may provide the basis for future treatments affecting copper and its homeostasis [L1830].		
DB06779	Dalteparin	approved	Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.		
DB06780	Desoxycorticosterone acetate	approved			
DB06781	Difluprednate	approved	Difluprednate is a topical corticosteroid indicated for the treatment of infammation and pain associated with ocular surgery. It is a butyrate ester of 6(α), 9(α)-difluoro prednisolone acetate. Difluprednate is abbreviated DFBA, or difluoroprednisolone butyrate acetate. It is indicated for treatment of endogenous anterior uveiti.		
DB06782	Dimercaprol	approved	Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol has toxic potential, and its use may be followed by a variety of adverse effects.		
DB06783	Prussian blue	approved	Prussian blue is described as a deep blue pigment that is produced when the oxidation of ferrous ferrocyanide salts occurs. It contains ferric hexacyanoferrate(II) in a cubic lattice crystal structure. It is insoluble in water but also tends to form a colloid thus can exist in either colloidal or water-soluble form, and an insoluble form. It is orally administered for clinical purposes to be used as an antidote for certain kinds of heavy metal poisoning, such as thallium and radioactive isotopes of caesium. Prussian blue is included in the World Health Organization Model List of Essential Medicines as a specific antidote used in poisonings to provide symptomatic and supportive treatment. It was also administered in individuals exposed to 137-Cs+ during Goiânia accident, one of the worst radioactive contamination incidents that occured in Brazil, 1983.		
DB06784	Gallium citrate Ga-67	approved	Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]		
DB06785	Ganirelix	approved	Ganirelix is an injectable competitive gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist (GnRH antagonist). It is utilized frequently in assisted reproduction therapy to control the occurrence of ovulation. The drug exerts its effects by inhibiting the action of GnRH in the pituitary gland, leading to fast suppression of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Ganirelix is used in fertility treatment to prevent premature ovulation that could result in the harvesting of eggs that are too immature to be used in procedures such as in vitro fertilization. Ganirelix is marketed by Merck & Co., Inc. as Orgalutran®.		
DB06786	Halcinonide	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide.		
DB06787	Hexocyclium	approved	Hexocyclium is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist which was presumably used in the treatment of gastric ulcer or diarrhea. It was once available under the tradename Tral marketed by Abbvie Inc. but has been discontinued. Proton pump inhibitors like [DB00338] and opiate anti-diarrheal agents like [DB00836] have largely replaced the use of anti-muscarinics in the treatment of gastric ulcers and diarrhea due to their more favorable side effect profiles.		
DB06788	Histrelin	approved	Histrelin is a gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist that acts as a potent inhibitor of gonadotropin when administered as an implant that delivers continuous therapeutic doses. Following an initial stimulatory phase with increased circulating levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), leading to a transient increase in concentration of gonadal steroids (testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in males), continuous administration of histrelin acetate results in decreased levels of LH and FSH due to a reversible down-regulation of the GnRH receptors in the pituitary gland and desensitization of the pituitary gonadotropes. As the product Supprelin LA (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the treatment of children with central precocious puberty (CPP). As the product Vantas (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.		
DB06789	Hydroxyprogesterone caproate	approved,investigational	Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.		
DB06791	Lanreotide	approved	Lanreotide is a drug employed in the management of acromegaly (a hormonal condition caused by excess growth hormone) in addition to symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, especially carcinoid syndrome. This drug is a long-acting analog of the drug somatostatin, a growth hormone inhibitor. Lanreotide is manufactured by the company, _Ipsen Pharmaceuticals_ as lanreotide acetate, and marketed as _Somatuline_. It is approved in several countries worldwide, including the United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada. Lanreotide was first approved for use in the United States by the FDA on August 30, 2007.		
DB06792	Lanthanum carbonate	approved	Lanthanum carbonate is a phosphate binder commonly used in clinical practice. It is marketed under the trade name _Fosrenol_ by Shire Pharmaceuticals. It is the largest of all pills filled in community pharmacies. Sometimes patients forget that Fosrenol is not swallowed whole, but instead should be chewed. This has led to severe choking. It is prescribed for treating high phosphate levels, mainly found in patients with chronic kidney disease. Lanthanum should be taken with meals and binds to phosphate in the diet, preventing phosphate absorption in the intestine.		
DB06793	Levopropoxyphene	withdrawn	Levopropoxyphene is a stereoisomer of propoxyphene in the form of 2S, 3R enantiomer. It was sold as an antitussive, but it was removed from the market in the 70s.[T133] Levopropoxyphene was developed by Lilly and FDA approved on March 21st, 1962. This drug presented different dosages and it was administered as a capsule or suspension.		
DB06794	Lodoxamide	approved	Lodoxamide is a mast-cell stabilizer for topical administration into the eye. Mast-cell stabilizers, first one approved being cromolyn sodium, are used in treatment of ocular hypersensitivity reactions such as vernal conjunctivitis. These conditions often require treatment with anti-inflammatory medications such as ophthalmic NSAIDs or topical steroids which may cause systemic or toxic effects long-term. Although less effective than topical steroids at decreasing inflammation, mast-cell stabilizers offer another treatment option and exhibit minimal adverse effects. Lodoxamide is marketed under the brand name Alomide by Alcon.		
DB06795	Mafenide	approved,vet_approved	Mafenide is a sulfonamide-type antimicrobial agent used to treat severe burns. It acts by reducing the bacterial population present in the burn tissue and promotes healing of deep burns.		
DB06796	Mangafodipir	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. This drug is made up of paramagnetic manganese (II) ions combined with the chelating agent _fodipir_ (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.		
DB06797	Mebutamate	approved	Mebutamate is a sedative and anxiolytic drug with anti-hypertensive (blood pressure lowering) effects comparable to those of other barbiturates but is only around 1/3rd the potency of secobarbital as a sedative. Side effects include dizziness and headaches.		
DB06799	Methenamine	approved,vet_approved	Methenamine is a heterocyclic organic compound with a cage-like structure similar to adamantane. In salt form it is used for the treatment of urinary tract infection (Example: methenamine hippurate which is the hippuric acid salt of methenamine).		
DB06800	Methylnaltrexone	approved	Methylnaltrexone is a pheriphally-acting μ-opioid antagonist that acts on the gastrointestinal tract to decrease opioid-induced constipation without producing analgesic effects or withdrawal symptoms. It is also a weak CYP2D6 inhibitor. FDA approved in 2008.		
DB06801	Monoctanoin	experimental	Monoctanoin is used to dissolve cholesterol gallstones.		
DB06802	Nepafenac	approved,investigational	Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.	Nepafenac Action Pathway	
DB06803	Niclosamide	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Niclosamide is an antihelminthic used for the treatment of tapeworm infections. Helminths (worms) are multicellular organisms that infect very large numbers of humans and cause a broad range of diseases. Over 1 billion people are infected with intestinal nematodes, and many millions are infected with filarial nematodes, flukes, and tapeworms. They are an even greater problem in domestic animals.Niclosamide, once marketed in the US under the brand name Niclocide, was voluntarily withdrawn from market by Bayer in 1996.[L11860]		
DB06804	Nonoxynol-9	approved,withdrawn	Nonoxynol-9 (N-9) is a typical surfactant used as a vaginal spermicide. Spermicides are locally acting non-hormonal contraceptives. When present in the vagina during intercourse, they immobilize/inactivate/damage and/or kill sperms without eliciting systemic effects. N-9 has been in use for more than 30 years as an over-the-counter (OTC) drug in creams, gels, foams and condom lubricants. It is the most commonly used spermicidal contraceptive in the UK and the USA. In several European countries, spermicides are no longer on the market.		
DB06807	Phenyl aminosalicylate	approved			
DB06809	Plerixafor	approved	Plerixafor is a hematopoietic stem cell mobilizer. It is used to stimulate the release of stem cells from the bone marrow into the blood in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma for the purpose of stimulating the immune system. These stem cells are then collected and used in autologous stem cell transplantation to replace blood-forming cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy. Plerixafor has orphan drug status in the United States and European Union; it was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on December 15, 2008.		
DB06810	Plicamycin	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Plicamycin is an antineoplastic antibiotic produced by Streptomyces plicatus. It has been used in the treatment of testicular cancer, Paget's disease of bone, and, rarely, the management of hypercalcemia. The manufacturer discontinued plicamycin in 2000.		
DB06811	Polidocanol	approved	Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins (varicose veins ≤1 mm in diameter) and uncomplicated reticular veins (varicose veins 1 to 3 mm in diameter) in the lower extremity. It is marketed under the brand names Asclera and Varithena. The formula for Polidocanol has the structural formula C12H25(OCH2CH2)nOH, a mean extent of polymerization (n) of approximately 9 and a mean molecular weight of approximately 600.		
DB06812	Povidone-iodine	approved	Povidone-iodine is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis. This unique complex was discovered in 1955 at the Industrial Toxicology Laboratories in Philadelphia by H. A. Shelanski and M. V. Shelanski. During in vitro testing to demonstrate anti-bacterial activity it was found that the complex was less toxic in mice than tincture of iodine. Human clinical trials showed the product to be superior to other iodine formulations. Povidone-iodine was immediately marketed, and has since become the universally preferred iodine antiseptic.		
DB06813	Pralatrexate	approved,investigational	Pralatrexate is an antimetabolite for the treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. It is more efficiently retained in cancer cells than methotrexate. FDA approved on September 24, 2009.		
DB06814	Protokylol	approved,vet_approved	Protokylol is a β-adrenergic receptor agonist used as a bronchodilator in Europe and the United States.		
DB06815	Pyrithione	approved	Pyrithione zinc, or zinc pyrithione or zinc pyridinethione, is a coordination complex consisted of pyrithione ligands chelated to zinc (2+) ions via oxygen and sulfur centers. In the crystalline state, it exists as a centrosymmetric dimer. Due to its dynamic fungistatic and bacteriostatic properties, pyrithione zinc is used to treat dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis. Dandruff is a common scalp disease affecting >40% of the world's adult population, and may be caused by fungi such as _Malassezia globosa_ and _M. restricta_ [A32162].Pyrithione zinc is commonly found as an active ingredient in OTC antidandruff topical treatments such as shampoos. It mediates its action by increasing the cellular levels of copper, and damaging iron-sulfur clusters of proteins essential for fungal metabolism and growth [A27132]. Due to low solubility, pyrithione zinc released from the topical formulations is deposited and retained relatively well onto the target skin surfaces [A27133]. Other uses of pyrithione zinc include additive in antifouling outdoor paints and algaecide. While its use has been approved in the early 1960's by the FDA [A32163], safety and effectiveness of pyrithione zinc has been reported for decades. It is not shown to have any significant estrogenic activity according to the _in vivo_ and _in vitro_ assays [A32163].		
DB06816	Pyrvinium	approved	Pyrvinium is an anthelmintic effective for pinworms. Several forms of pyrvinium have been prepared with variable counter anions, such as halides, tosylate, triflate and pamoate. Pyrvinum's anti-cancer properties are currently under investigation.		
DB06817	Raltegravir	approved	Raltegravir is an antiretroviral drug produced by Merck & Co., used to treat HIV infection. It received approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 12 October 2007, the first of a new class of HIV drugs, the integrase inhibitors, to receive such approval.		
DB06819	Phenylbutyric acid	approved,investigational	A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.		
DB06820	Sulconazole	approved	Sulconazole, brand name Exelderm, is a broad-spectrum anti-fungal agent available as a topical cream and solution. Sulconazole nitrate, the active ingredient, is an imidazole derivative that inhibits the growth of common pathogenic dermatophytes making it an effective treatment for tinea cruris and tinea corporis infections.		
DB06821	Sulfameter	approved	Long acting sulfonamide used in leprosy, urinary, and respiratory tract infections.		
DB06822	Tinzaparin	approved	Tinzaparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), produced by enzymatic depolymerization of unfractionated heparin from porcine intestinal mucosa. It is a heterogeneous mixture of with an average molecular weight between 5500 and 7500 daltons. Tinzaparin is composed of molecules with and without a special site for high affinity binding to antithrombin III (ATIII). This complex greatly accelerates the inhibition of factor Xa. It is an anticoagulant and considered an antithrombotic. Tinzaparin must be given either subcutaneously or parenterally. LMWHs are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.		
DB06823	Tiopronin	approved,investigational	Tiopronin is a prescription thiol drug used primarily in the treatment of severe homozygous cystinuria. Patients with cystinuria excrete high levels of cystine in their urine and are at risk for kidney stone formation. Tiopronin is used as a second-line therapy to control the rate of cystine precipitation and excretion, and prevent kidney stone formation. It is used after a failure of the non-pharmacological first line treatment consisting of increased fluid intake, restriction of sodium and protein, and urinary alkalinization. As cystinuria is a relatively rare disease, tiopronin is classified as an orphan drug and is not patented in the United States. It is similar to d-penicillamine in use and efficacy, but offers the advantage of far less adverse effects. Tiopronin is dosed on an individual basis using close monitoring of urinary cystine concentrations and urinary output.Tiopronin may also be used to bind metal nanoparticles in Wilson's disease, which is an overload of copper in the body. It has been investigated for use in the treatment of arthritis and as a neuroprotective agent in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.		
DB06824	Triethylenetetramine	approved,investigational	Triethylenetatramine (TETA) is a highly selective divalent Cu(II) chelator and orphan drug that revereses copper overload in tissues. Its salt form, trientine (triethylenetetramine dihydrochloride or 2,2,2-tetramine) was introduced in 1969 as an alternative to D-penicillamine. It consists of a polyamine-like structure different from D-penicillamine, as it lack sulfhydryl groups. It was previously approved by FDA in 1985 as second-line pharmacotherapy for Wilson's disease. Although penicillamine treatment is believed to be more extensive, TETA therapy has been shown to be an effective initial therapy, even with patients with decompensated liver disease at the outset, and prolonged TETA treatment is not associated with adverse effects as expected in penicillamine treatment. Its clinical applications on cancer, diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's disease and vascular demetia are being studied.		
DB06825	Triptorelin	approved,vet_approved	Triptorelin is a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion. After chronic, continuous administration, this agent effects sustained decreases in LH and FSH production and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis. Serum testosterone concentrations may fall to levels typically observed in surgically castrated men.		
DB06826	Unoprostone	approved,investigational	Unoprostone isopropyl is a prostaglandin analogue. Ophthalmic Solution 0.15% is a synthetic docosanoid. Unoprostone isopropyl has the chemical name isopropyl (+)-(Z)-7-[(1R,2R,3R,5S)-3,5 dihydroxy-2-(3-oxodecyl)cyclopentyl]-5-heptenoate.The main indication of Unoprostane is treatment of glucoma.		
DB06827	Viomycin	approved	Viomycin is a tuberactinomycin antibiotic that was used to treat Mycobacterium tuberculosis until it was replaced by the less toxic capreomycin. These drugs bind RNA in bacterial ribosomes and inhibit protein synthesis. Viomycin was derived from the actinomycete _Streptomyces puniceus_.		
DB06828	5-[2-(1H-pyrrol-1-yl)ethoxy]-1H-indole	experimental			
DB06829	4-BROMO-3-(CARBOXYMETHOXY)-5-[3-(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)PHENYL]THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB06830	(1-HYDROXYHEPTANE-1,1-DIYL)BIS(PHOSPHONIC ACID)	experimental			
DB06831	2-((9H-PURIN-6-YLTHIO)METHYL)-5-CHLORO-3-(2-METHOXYPHENYL)QUINAZOLIN-4(3H)-ONE	experimental			
DB06832	Prinaberel	investigational	Prinaberel is an estrogen receptor beta agonist.		
DB06833	1-CYCLOHEXYL-N-{[1-(4-METHYLPHENYL)-1H-INDOL-3-YL]METHYL}METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB06834	N-(2-hydroxy-1,1-dimethylethyl)-1-methyl-3-(1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-2-yl)-1H-indole-5-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06835	(2S)-2-[3-(AMINOMETHYL)PHENYL]-3-{(S)-HYDROXY[(1R)-2-METHYL-1-{[(2-PHENYLETHYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}PROPYL]PHOSPHORYL}PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06836	N-(5-{4-Chloro-3-[(2-hydroxyethyl)sulfamoyl]phenyl}-4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)acetamide	experimental			
DB06837	(2R)-N~4~-hydroxy-2-(3-hydroxybenzyl)-N~1~-[(1S,2R)-2-hydroxy-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-yl]butanediamide	experimental			
DB06838	methyl L-phenylalaninate	experimental			
DB06839	N-(ethoxycarbonyl)-L-leucine	experimental			
DB06840	diethyl [(1R)-1,5-diaminopentyl]boronate	experimental			
DB06841	[(2R)-1-[(2S)-2-[[(2S,3S)-1-Chloro-6-(diaminomethylideneamino)-2-hydroxyhexan-3-yl]carbamoyl]pyrrolidin-1-yl]-1-oxo-3-phenylpropan-2-yl]azanium	experimental			
DB06842	(4R)-4-(3-butoxy-4-methoxybenzyl)imidazolidin-2-one	experimental			
DB06843	2',5'-DIDEOXY-ADENOSINE 3'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB06844	4-[(7-OXO-7H-THIAZOLO[5,4-E]INDOL-8-YLMETHYL)-AMINO]-N-PYRIDIN-2-YL-BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB06845	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(2-(cyclopentylamino)ethanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06847	5-[(3S)-3-(2-methoxybiphenyl-4-yl)but-1-yn-1-yl]-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB06848	1-(1'-{[3-(methylsulfanyl)-2-benzothiophen-1-yl]carbonyl}spiro[1-benzofuran-3,4'-piperidin]-5-yl)methanamine	experimental			
DB06849	1-[1'-(3-phenylacryloyl)spiro[1-benzofuran-3,4'-piperidin]-5-yl]methanamine	experimental			
DB06850	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(2-(cyclohexylamino)ethanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06851	N-(pyridin-3-ylmethyl)aniline	experimental			
DB06852	CHIR-124	experimental	CHIR-124 is a potent inhibitor of Chk1 that potentiates the cytotoxicity of topoisomerase I poisons in vitro and in vivo.		
DB06853	N-cycloheptylglycyl-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06855	6-fluoro-2-(2-hydroxy-3-isobutoxy-phenyl)-1H-benzoimidazole-5-carboxamidine	experimental			
DB06856	6-FLUORO-2-[2-HYDROXY-3-(2-METHYL-CYCLOHEXYLOXY)-PHENYL]-1H-INDOLE-5-CARBOXAMIDINE	experimental			
DB06857	N-(4-CARBAMIMIDOYL-3-CHORO-PHENYL)-2-HYDROXY-3-IODO-5-METHYL-BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB06858	N-cyclooctylglycyl-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06859	N-ALLYL-5-AMIDINOAMINOOXY-PROPYLOXY-3-CHLORO-N-CYCLOPENTYLBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB06860	2-(2-chloropyridin-4-yl)-4-methyl-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione	experimental			
DB06861	6-(2-HYDROXY-CYCLOPENTYL)-7-OXO-HEPTANAMIDINE	experimental			
DB06862	2-HYDROXY-5-(2-MERCAPTO-ETHYLSULFAMOYL)-BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06864	2-(3-CARBOXYPROPIONYL)-6-HYDROXY-CYCLOHEXA-2,4-DIENE CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB06865	6-CARBAMIMIDOYL-2-[2-HYDROXY-6-(4-HYDROXY-PHENYL)-INDAN-1-YL]-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06866	6-CARBAMIMIDOYL-2-[2-HYDROXY-5-(3-METHOXY-PHENYL)-INDAN-1-YL]-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06867	3,6,9,12,15,18-HEXAOXAICOSANE	experimental			
DB06868	N-(3-chlorobenzyl)-1-(4-methylpentanoyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06869	1-[2-AMINO-2-CYCLOHEXYL-ACETYL]-PYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID 5-CHLORO-2-(2-ETHYLCARBAMOYL-ETHOXY)-BENZYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB06870	Tetrahydrogestrinone	experimental			
DB06871	17-METHYL-17-ALPHA-DIHYDROEQUILENIN	experimental			
DB06872	1-((2-HYDROXYETHOXY)METHYL)-5-(PHENYLTHIO)PYRIMIDINE-2,4(1H,3H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB06873	1-((2-HYDROXYETHOXY)METHYL)-5-(3-(BENZYLOXY)BENZYL)PYRIMIDINE-2,4(1H,3H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB06874	(6-[4-(AMINOMETHYL)-2,6-DIMETHYLPHENOXY]-2-{[4-(AMINOMETHYL)PHENYL]AMINO}-5-BROMOPYRIMIDIN-4-YL)METHANOL	experimental			
DB06875	ERB-196	experimental			
DB06876	N-{5-[4-(4-METHYLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)PHENYL]-1H-PYRROLO[2,3-B]PYRIDIN-3-YL}NICOTINAMIDE	experimental			
DB06877	N,N-DIMETHYL-4-(4-PHENYL-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-1H-PYRROLE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB06878	1-[(2R)-2-aminobutanoyl]-N-(3-chlorobenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06879	5-(4'-AMINO-1'-ETHYL-5',8'-DIFLUORO-1'H-SPIRO[PIPERIDINE-4,2'-QUINAZOLINE]-1-YLCARBONYL)PICOLINONITRILE	experimental			
DB06880	(1S)-2-[(2S,5R)-2-(AMINOMETHYL)-5-PROP-1-YN-1-YLPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]-1-CYCLOPENTYL-2-OXOETHANAMINE	experimental			
DB06881	(1Z)-2-HYDROXY-3-OXOHEX-1-EN-1-YL DIHYDROGEN PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB06882	1-[1-(3-aminophenyl)-3-tert-butyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl]-3-naphthalen-1-ylurea	experimental			
DB06883	1-[1-(3-aminophenyl)-3-tert-butyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl]-3-phenylurea	experimental			
DB06884	4-HYDROXY-N'-(4-ISOPROPYLBENZYL)BENZOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB06885	3-[({(1E)-[2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]methylidene}amino)oxy]propanoic acid	experimental			
DB06886	N-BENZYLOXYCARBONYL-ALA-PRO-3-AMINO-4-PHENYL-BUTAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB06887	[(3S)-3-(Methylcarbamoyl)-2-{[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)oxy]carbonyl}-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-7-isoquinolinyl]sulfamic acid	experimental			
DB06888	(13R,15S)-13-METHYL-16-OXA-8,9,12,22,24-PENTAAZAHEXACYCLO[15.6.2.16,9.1,12,15.0,2,7.0,21,25]HEPTACOSA-1(24),2,4,6,17(25),18,20-HEPTAENE-23,26-DIONE	experimental			
DB06889	3-(1H-tetrazol-5-ylmethyl)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro[1]benzothieno[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4(3H)-one	experimental			
DB06890	(2R)-2-PHENYL-N-PYRIDIN-4-YLBUTANAMIDE	experimental			
DB06891	5-{[(4-AMINO-3-CHLORO-5-FLUOROPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}-1,3,4-THIADIAZOLE-2-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB06892	(5S)-4,5-difluoro-6-[(2-fluoro-4-iodophenyl)imino]-N-(2-hydroxyethoxy)cyclohexa-1,3-diene-1-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06893	Decylsulfonic acid	experimental			
DB06894	1-Dodecanol	experimental	1-Dodecanol is a saturated 12-carbon fatty alcohol obtained from coconut oil fatty acids. It has a floral odor and is used in detergents, lubricating oils, and pharmaceuticals. (From McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 5th ed)		
DB06896	1-(4-fluorophenyl)-N-[3-fluoro-4-(1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-4-yloxy)phenyl]-2-oxo-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06897	3-[3-chloro-5-(5-{[(1S)-1-phenylethyl]amino}isoxazolo[5,4-c]pyridin-3-yl)phenyl]propan-1-ol	experimental			
DB06898	4-(2-amino-1-methyl-1H-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridin-6-yl)phenol	experimental			
DB06899	N-{2-[6-(2,4-DIAMINO-6-ETHYLPYRIMIDIN-5-YL)-2,2-DIMETHYL-3-OXO-2,3-DIHYDRO-4H-1,4-BENZOTHIAZIN-4-YL]ETHYL}ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB06900	1-[4-(hydroxymethyl)phenyl]guanidine	experimental			
DB06901	2-(2-HYDROXY-CYCLOPENTYL)-PENT-4-ENAL	experimental			
DB06902	p-Cumylphenol	experimental			
DB06903	(1S,3aS,5aR,8aS)-1,7,7-trimethyl-1,2,3,3a,5a,6,7,8-octahydrocyclopenta[c]pentalene-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB06904	(5S,6S)-6-[(R)ACETOXYETH-2-YL]-PENEM-3-CARBOXYLATEPROPANE	experimental			
DB06905	(2S,3S,4E,6E,8S,9S)-3-amino-9-methoxy-2,6,8-trimethyl-10-phenyldeca-4,6-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB06906	ethyl 2-amino-4-hydroxypyrimidine-5-carboxylate	experimental			
DB06907	2-(2,6-DICHLOROPHENYL)-1,3-BENZOXAZOLE-6-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB06908	(2S)-3-(1-{[2-(2-CHLOROPHENYL)-5-METHYL-1,3-OXAZOL-4-YL]METHYL}-1H-INDOL-5-YL)-2-ETHOXYPROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06909	1-ethyl-N-(phenylmethyl)-4-(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-ylamino)-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridine-5-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06910	[4-R-(4-ALPHA,6-BETA,7-BETA]-HEXAHYDRO-5,6-DI(HYDROXY)-1,3-DI(ALLYL)-4,7-BISPHENYLMETHYL)-2H-1,3-DIAZEPINONE	experimental			
DB06911	D-leucyl-N-(3-chlorobenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06912	UNDECA-3,7-DIENE-1,3,7,11-TETRACARBALDEHYDE	experimental			
DB06913	(3R)-3-[3,5-Bis(trifluoromethyl)anilino]-2-cyano-3-sulfanylpropanamide	experimental			
DB06914	1-({2-[2-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)ETHYL]-1,3-DIOXOLAN-2-YL}METHYL)-1H-IMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB06915	naphthalene-1,2,4,5,7-pentol	experimental			
DB06916	N-[2-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YL)ETHYL]-1-[2-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)-6-METHYLPYRIMIDIN-4-YL]-D-PROLINAMIDE	experimental			
DB06917	(4-fluorophenyl)(pyridin-4-yl)methanone	experimental			
DB06918	2-(2-METHYLPHENYL)-1H-INDOLE-6-CARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB06919	D-phenylalanyl-N-(3-chlorobenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06920	Eribaxaban	experimental			
DB06921	(2S)-2-[3-(AMINOMETHYL)PHENYL]-3-[(R)-HYDROXY{(1R)-2-METHYL-1-[(PHENYLSULFONYL)AMINO]PROPYL}PHOSPHORYL]PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06922	2-[(1R)-1-carboxy-2-naphthalen-1-ylethyl]-1,3-dioxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-isoindole-5-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB06923	2-(3-METHYLPHENYL)-1H-INDOLE-5-CARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB06924	(2R)-2-benzyl-3-nitropropanoic acid	experimental			
DB06925	3-(2-AMINOQUINAZOLIN-6-YL)-4-METHYL-N-[3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB06926	(9Z,11E,13S)-13-hydroxyoctadeca-9,11-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB06927	[5-HYDROXY-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1-BENZOFURAN-7-YL]ACETONITRILE	experimental			
DB06928	(2S)-2-{[HYDROXY(4-IODOBENZYL)PHOSPHORYL]METHYL}PENTANEDIOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06929	1-butanoyl-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06930	N-[amino(imino)methyl]-2-(2,5-diphenyl-1H-pyrrol-1-yl)acetamide	experimental			
DB06931	(1-HYDROXYNONANE-1,1-DIYL)BIS(PHOSPHONIC ACID)	experimental			
DB06932	10,11-dimethoxy-4-methyldibenzo[c,f]-2,7-naphthyridine-3,6-diamine	experimental			
DB06933	N-(tert-butyl)-4-[5-(pyridin-2-ylamino)quinolin-3-yl]benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB06934	(1R)-3-chloro-1-phenylpropan-1-ol	experimental			
DB06935	2',6'-DIFLUOROBIPHENYL-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB06936	N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(4-methylpentanoyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06937	4-(6-HYDROXY-BENZO[D]ISOXAZOL-3-YL)BENZENE-1,3-DIOL	experimental			
DB06938	4-[[2-[[4-chloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]amino]-3H-benzimidazol-5-yl]oxy]-N-methyl-pyridine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06939	N-(TRANS-4-{(1S,2S)-2-AMINO-3-[(3S)-3-FLUOROPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]-1-METHYL-3-OXOPROPYL}CYCLOHEXYL)-N-METHYLACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB06940	N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide	experimental	N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the pyrrolotriazines. These are compounds containing a pyrrolotriazine moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to a triazine ring. N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 14.		
DB06941	(Z)-2-[2-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)benzyl]diazenecarbothioamide	experimental	(Z)-2-[2-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)benzyl]diazenecarbothioamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylpiperazines. These are compounds containing a phenylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a piperazine bound to a phenyl group. This drug targets the protein S100B.		
DB06942	N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(3-phenylpropanoyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental	N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(3-phenylpropanoyl)-l-prolinamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the alpha amino acid amides. These are amide derivatives of alpha amino acids. This medication targets the protein prothrombin.		
DB06943	(3S)-1-{[4-(but-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl}pyrrolidine-3-thiol	experimental	(3S)-1-{[4-(but-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl}pyrrolidine-3-thiol is a solid. This compound belongs to the benzenesulfonamides. These are organic compounds containing a sulfonamide group that is S-linked to a benzene ring. This substance is known to target disintegrin and metalloproteinase domain-containing protein 17.		
DB06944	N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide	experimental	N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenes. These are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. The proteins that N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide targets include cyclin-A2 and cyclin-dependent kinase 2.		
DB06945	N-hydroxy-4-({4-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]phenyl}sulfonyl)tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-carboxamide	experimental	N-hydroxy-4-({4-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]phenyl}sulfonyl)tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-carboxamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the diarylethers. These are organic compounds containing the dialkyl ether functional group, with the formula ROR', where R and R' are aryl groups. This substance is known to target a disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5.		
DB06946	(2S,3S)-3-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,3-dihydroxypropanoic acid	experimental			
DB06947	1-[(2R)-2-aminobutanoyl]-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06948	2-ANILINO-6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXYPURINE	experimental			
DB06949	N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]naphthalene-2-carbohydrazide	experimental			
DB06950	4-chloro-N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]benzohydrazide	experimental			
DB06951	(3R)-3-ethyl-N-[(4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]-L-aspartic acid	experimental			
DB06952	(2S)-2-HYDROXY-2H-CHROMENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB06953	2-CHLORO-5-(3-CHLORO-PHENYL)-6-[(4-CYANO-PHENYL)-(3-METHYL-3H-IMIDAZOL-4-YL)- METHOXYMETHYL]-NICOTINONITRILE	experimental			
DB06954	2-(cycloheptylmethyl)-1,1-dioxido-1-benzothiophen-6-yl sulfamate	experimental			
DB06955	3,4-bis(7-chloro-1H-indol-3-yl)-1H-pyrrole-2,5-dicarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB06956	N-(4-ACETYLPHENYL)-5-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOLE-4-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB06957	4-CHLORO-6-(4-{4-[4-(METHYLSULFONYL)BENZYL]PIPERAZIN-1-YL}-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL)BENZENE-1,3-DIOL	experimental			
DB06958	5-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-N-ETHYL-4-PIPERAZIN-1-YL-1H-PYRAZOLE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB06959	(2S)-1-(3H-Indol-3-yl)-3-{[5-(6-isoquinolinyl)-3-pyridinyl]oxy}-2-propanamine	experimental			
DB06960	N-[(1R,2R,3E)-2-hydroxy-1-(hydroxymethyl)heptadec-3-en-1-yl]acetamide	experimental			
DB06961	5-(5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-N-ethyl-4-[4-(morpholin-4-ylmethyl)phenyl]isoxazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06962	JNJ-27390467	experimental	JNJ-27390467 is a potent, nonpeptide inhibitor of human mast cell tryptase.		
DB06963	3-[3-(3-methyl-6-{[(1S)-1-phenylethyl]amino}-1H-pyrazolo[4,3-c]pyridin-1-yl)phenyl]propanamide	experimental			
DB06964	5-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-N-ETHYL-4-(4-METHOXYPHENYL)ISOXAZOLE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB06965	Hexylphosphonic acid (R)-2-methyl-3-phenylpropyl ester	experimental			
DB06966	Hexylphosphonic acid (S)-2-methyl-3-phenylpropyl ester	experimental			
DB06967	6-ETHYL-5-[9-(3-METHOXYPROPYL)-9H-CARBAZOL-2-YL]PYRIMIDINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB06968	1,1'-HEXANE-1,6-DIYLBIS(1H-IMIDAZOLE)	experimental			
DB06969	2-amino-4-[2,4-dichloro-5-(2-pyrrolidin-1-ylethoxy)phenyl]-N-ethylthieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06970	2-CHLORO-N-(3-CYANO-5,6-DIHYDRO-4H-CYCLOPENTA[B]THIOPHEN-2-YL)-5-DIETHYLSULFAMOYL-BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB06971	N-{2-[(4'-CYANO-1,1'-BIPHENYL-4-YL)OXY]ETHYL}-N'-HYDROXY-N-METHYLUREA	experimental			
DB06972	7A-[(4-cyanophenyl)methyl]-6-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-oxo-2,3,5,7A-tetrahydro-1H-pyrrolo[1,2-A]pyrrole-7-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB06973	Bisphenol A	experimental			
DB06974	5-hydroxy-4-(7-methoxy-1,1-dioxido-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazin-3-yl)-2-(3-methylbutyl)-6-phenylpyridazin-3(2H)-one	experimental			
DB06976	1-(5-OXO-2,3,5,9B-TETRAHYDRO-1H-PYRROLO[2,1-A]ISOINDOL-9-YL)-3-(5-PYRROLIDIN-2-YL-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-UREA	experimental			
DB06977	(2S)-1-{[5-(1H-Indazol-5-yl)-3-pyridinyl]oxy}-3-(7aH-indol-3-yl)-2-propanamine	experimental			
DB06978	N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]-4-methoxybenzohydrazide	experimental			
DB06979	5-(dodecylthio)-1H-1,2,3-triazole-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB06980	(2S)-2-(1H-indol-3-yl)hexanoic acid	experimental			
DB06981	(2S)-2-(1H-indol-3-yl)pentanoic acid	experimental			
DB06982	(2S)-8-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-2-(1H-indol-3-yl)octanoic acid	experimental			
DB06983	(5-phenyl-7-(pyridin-3-ylmethylamino)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-3-yl)methanol	experimental			
DB06984	(1R,2R,3R,4S,5R)-4-(BENZYLAMINO)-5-(METHYLTHIO)CYCLOPENTANE-1,2,3-TRIOL	experimental			
DB06985	2-[({4-[2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]piperidin-1-yl}carbonyl)amino]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB06986	2-CHLORO-N-[(1R,2R)-1-HYDROXY-2,3-DIHYDRO-1H-INDEN-2-YL]-6H-THIENO[2,3-B]PYRROLE-5-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB06987	(R)-Atenolol	experimental			
DB06988	2-HYDROXY-5-{[(1E)-2-PHENYLETHYLIDENE]AMINO}-L-TYROSINE	experimental			
DB06989	{4-[2-BENZYL-3-METHOXY-2-(METHOXYCARBONYL)-3-OXOPROPYL]PHENYL}SULFAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB06990	4-[(1E,7E)-8-(2,6-DIOXO-1,2,3,6-TETRAHYDROPYRIMIDIN-4-YL)-3,6-DIOXA-2,7-DIAZAOCTA-1,7-DIEN-1-YL]BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB06991	N-[2-methyl-5-(methylcarbamoyl)phenyl]-2-{[(1R)-1-methylpropyl]amino}-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxamide	experimental			
DB06992	(3,3-dimethylpiperidin-1-yl)(6-(3-fluoro-4-methylphenyl)pyridin-2-yl)methanone	experimental			
DB06993	(2S,3S)-4-cyclopropyl-3-{(3R,5R)-3-[2-fluoro-4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazolidin-5-yl}-1-[(3S)-3-fluoropyrrolidin-1-yl]-1-oxobutan-2-amine	experimental			
DB06994	(2S,3S)-3-{3-[2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5-yl}-1-cyclopentylidene-4-cyclopropyl-1-fluorobutan-2-amine	experimental			
DB06995	N-({4-[(2-aminopyridin-4-yl)oxy]-3-fluorophenyl}carbamoyl)-2-(4-fluorophenyl)acetamide	experimental			
DB06996	D-leucyl-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB06997	2-(4-fluorophenyl)-N-{[3-fluoro-4-(1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-4-yloxy)phenyl]carbamoyl}acetamide	experimental			
DB06998	[(5R)-5-(2,3-dibromo-5-ethoxy-4-hydroxybenzyl)-4-oxo-2-thioxo-1,3-thiazolidin-3-yl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB06999	PLX-4720	experimental			
DB07000	N-{2,4-difluoro-3-[(5-pyridin-3-yl-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-yl)carbonyl]phenyl}ethanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07001	(3S,5E)-3-propyl-3,4-dihydrothieno[2,3-f][1,4]oxazepin-5(2H)-imine	experimental			
DB07002	4-({4-[(4-methoxypyridin-2-yl)amino]piperidin-1-yl}carbonyl)benzonitrile	experimental			
DB07003	(2S)-2-methyl-2,3-dihydrothieno[2,3-f][1,4]oxazepin-5-amine	experimental			
DB07004	2-[(5-hex-1-yn-1-ylfuran-2-yl)carbonyl]-N-methylhydrazinecarbothioamide	experimental			
DB07005	D-phenylalanyl-N-{4-[amino(iminio)methyl]benzyl}-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07006	9-HYDROXY-6-(3-HYDROXYPROPYL)-4-(2-METHOXYPHENYL)PYRROLO[3,4-C]CARBAZOLE-1,3(2H,6H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07007	(3R)-3-[(1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-7-yloxy)methyl]-2,3-dihydrothieno[2,3-f][1,4]oxazepin-5-amine	experimental			
DB07008	4-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YLOXY)-2-[4-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)PHENOXY]PYRIMIDINE	experimental			
DB07009	2-(5-HYDROXY-NAPHTHALEN-1-YL)-1,3-BENZOOXAZOL-6-OL	experimental			
DB07010	N-BENZYL-4-[4-(3-CHLOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL]-1H-PYRROLE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07011	(3S)-1-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YLMETHYL)-3-[4-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)PHENOXY]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07012	6-AMINO-3,7-DIHYDRO-IMIDAZO[4,5-G]QUINAZOLIN-8-ONE	experimental			
DB07013	TERT-BUTYL 4-({[4-(BUT-2-YN-1-YLAMINO)PHENYL]SULFONYL}METHYL)-4-[(HYDROXYAMINO)CARBONYL]PIPERIDINE-1-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07014	2-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-5-[(3-fluoro-4-methoxybenzyl)sulfanyl]-1,3,4-oxadiazole	experimental			
DB07015	(3R,4R)-4-(pyrrolidin-1-ylcarbonyl)-1-(quinoxalin-2-ylcarbonyl)pyrrolidin-3-amine	experimental			
DB07016	(3R)-8-(dioxidosulfanyl)-3-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline	experimental			
DB07017	(5S)-2-{[(1S)-1-(4-Fluorophenyl)ethyl]amino}-5-(2-hydroxy-2-propanyl)-5-methyl-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB07018	5-ETHYL-3-[(2-METHOXYETHYL)METHYLAMINO]-6-METHYL-4-(3-METHYLBENZYL)PYRIDIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07019	N-[(5R,14R)-5-AMINO-5,14-DIMETHYL-4-OXO-3-OXA-18-AZATRICYCLO[15.3.1.1~7,11~]DOCOSA-1(21),7(22),8,10,17,19-HEXAEN-19-YL]-N-METHYLMETHANESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07020	N-{3-[5-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)-1H-indazol-3-yl]phenyl}furan-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07021	(7R,8R)-8-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)-6,7,8,9-tetrahydroimidazo[1,2-a:4,5-c']dipyridin-7-amine	experimental			
DB07022	3-Hydroxypropyl 3-[(7-carbamimidoyl-1-naphthyl)carbamoyl]benzenesulfonate	experimental			
DB07023	(1R)-2-[(Diaminomethylene)amino]-1-{4-[(4R)-4-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl]phenyl}ethyl nicotinate	experimental			
DB07024	2-(3,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-8-(1,1-DIOXIDOISOTHIAZOLIDIN-2-YL)-3-HYDROXY-6-METHYL-4H-CHROMEN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB07025	3-(5-{[4-(AMINOMETHYL)PIPERIDIN-1-YL]METHYL}-1H-INDOL-2-YL)QUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07026	(1S,5S,7R)-N~7~-(BIPHENYL-4-YLMETHYL)-N~3~-HYDROXY-6,8-DIOXA-3-AZABICYCLO[3.2.1]OCTANE-3,7-DICARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07027	D-phenylalanyl-N-(3-fluorobenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07028	(2-{[(4-BROMO-2-FLUOROBENZYL)AMINO]CARBONYL}-5-CHLOROPHENOXY)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07029	4-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YLOXY)-2-[4-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)PHENOXY]-6-METHYLPYRIMIDINE	experimental			
DB07030	(5-CHLORO-2-{[(3-NITROBENZYL)AMINO]CARBONYL}PHENOXY)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07031	3-Fluoro-4-{[(2R)-2-hydroxy-2-(5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro-2-naphthalenyl)acetyl]amino}benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07032	2-(4-HYDROXY-PHENYL)BENZOFURAN-5-OL	experimental			
DB07033	5-HYDROXY-3-[(1R)-1-(1H-PYRROL-2-YL)ETHYL]-2H-INDOL-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07034	2,2'-{[9-(HYDROXYIMINO)-9H-FLUORENE-2,7-DIYL]BIS(OXY)}DIACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07035	(2E)-3-{3-[(5-ETHYL-3-IODO-6-METHYL-2-OXO-1,2-DIHYDROPYRIDIN-4-YL)OXY]PHENYL}ACRYLONITRILE	experimental			
DB07036	(3aS,4R,9bR)-2,2-difluoro-4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-6-(methoxymethyl)-1,2,3,3a,4,9b-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]chromen-8-ol	experimental			
DB07037	(2S)-1-AMINO-3-[(5-NITROQUINOLIN-8-YL)AMINO]PROPAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB07038	2-(cyclohexylamino)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07039	(2S)-N-(4-cyano-3-iodophenyl)-3-(4-cyanophenoxy)-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanamide	experimental			
DB07040	2-amino-7-fluoro-5-oxo-5H-chromeno[2,3-b]pyridine-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07041	N-[2-(2,4-diaminopyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)-2-methylpropyl]-4-phenoxybenzamide	experimental			
DB07042	7-amino-2-tert-butyl-4-{[2-(1H-imidazol-4-yl)ethyl]amino}pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07043	7-amino-2-tert-butyl-4-(4-pyrimidin-2-ylpiperazin-1-yl)pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07044	3-bromo-N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]benzohydrazide	experimental			
DB07045	(2R,3R,4S,5R)-2-[6-amino-8-[(3,4-dichlorophenyl)methylamino]purin-9-yl]-5-(hydroxymethyl)oxolane-3,4-diol	experimental			
DB07046	2-[(2-chloro-4-iodophenyl)amino]-N-{[(2R)-2,3-dihydroxypropyl]oxy}-3,4-difluorobenzamide	experimental			
DB07047	2',4'-DICHLORO-4-HYDROXY-1,1'-BIPHENYL-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07048	N-[(2R)-5-(aminosulfonyl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-2-yl]-2-propylpentanamide	experimental			
DB07049	(2R)-1-[(4-tert-butylphenyl)sulfonyl]-2-methyl-4-(4-nitrophenyl)piperazine	experimental			
DB07050	5-[(phenylsulfonyl)amino]-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB07051	3,5-DIMETHYL-1-PHENYL-1H-PYRAZOLE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID ETHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07052	5'-S-ethyl-5'-thioadenosine	experimental			
DB07053	2-{5-[3-(7-PROPYL-3-TRIFLUOROMETHYLBENZO[D]ISOXAZOL-6-YLOXY)PROPOXY]INDOL-1-YL}ETHANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07054	(2R)-1-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-3-{4-[(6-{[2-FLUORO-5-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]AMINO}PYRIMIDIN-4-YL)AMINO]PHENOXY}PROPAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB07055	2-[2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)ethyl]-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione	experimental			
DB07056	2-(6-{[(3-chloro-2-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]amino}pyridin-2-yl)-N,N-diethylacetamide	experimental			
DB07057	(3S)-1-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-5-oxopyrrolidine-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07058	5-[1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-1H-benzimidazol-6-yl]-1,3,4-oxadiazole-2(3H)-thione	experimental			
DB07059	N-{2-[6-(2,4-DIAMINO-6-ETHYLPYRIMIDIN-5-YL)-2,2-DIMETHYL-3-OXO-2,3-DIHYDRO-4H-1,4-BENZOXAZIN-4-YL]ETHYL}ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07060	3-(INDOL-3-YL) LACTATE	experimental			
DB07061	1-(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)-3-(6-METHYL-3,4-DIHYDRO-1H-CARBAZOL-9(2H)-YL)PROPAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB07062	N-{3-[4-Hydroxy-1-(3-methylbutyl)-2-oxo-1,2-dihydropyrrolo[1,2-b]pyridazin-3-yl]-1,1-dioxido-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazin-7-yl}methanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07063	Lidorestat	investigational			
DB07064	(4R)-4-(3-HYDROXYPHENYL)-N,N,7,8-TETRAMETHYL-3,4-DIHYDROISOQUINOLINE-2(1H)-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07065	5-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-N-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)-3-thiocyanatopyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB07066	2-CHLORO-N-[(3R)-2-OXO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROQUINOLIN-3-YL]-6H-THIENO[2,3-B]PYRROLE-5-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07067	(2S,3S)-3-{3-[4-(METHYLSULFONYL)PHENYL]-1,2,4-OXADIAZOL-5-YL}-1-OXO-1-PYRROLIDIN-1-YLBUTAN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07068	(4-{4-[(TERT-BUTOXYCARBONYL)AMINO]-2,2-BIS(ETHOXYCARBONYL)BUTYL}PHENYL)SULFAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB07069	m-Hydroxyhippuric acid	experimental			
DB07070	(2S)-2-{3-[({[2-fluoro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]carbonyl}amino)methyl]-4-methoxybenzyl}butanoic acid	experimental			
DB07071	(R)-1-(4-(4-(Hydroxymethyl)-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-YL)phenethyl)guanidine	experimental			
DB07072	(1S,2R,5S)-5-[3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)-5,6-DIHYDRO[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[4,3-A]PYRAZIN-7(8H)-YL]-2-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)CYCLOHEXANAMINE	experimental			
DB07073	5,5-dimethyl-2-morpholin-4-yl-5,6-dihydro-1,3-benzothiazol-7(4H)-one	experimental			
DB07074	6-CARBAMIMIDOYL-4-(3-HYDROXY-2-METHYL-BENZOYLAMINO)-NAPHTHALENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07075	3-(5-{[4-(AMINOMETHYL)PIPERIDIN-1-YL]METHYL}-1H-INDOL-2-YL)-1H-INDAZOLE-6-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB07076	6-[(Z)-AMINO(IMINO)METHYL]-N-[3-(CYCLOPENTYLOXY)PHENYL]-2-NAPHTHAMIDE	experimental			
DB07077	(R)-1-(4-(4-(Hydroxymethyl)-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-YL)phenyl)guanidine	experimental			
DB07078	(3Z)-6-(4-HYDROXY-3-METHOXYPHENYL)-3-(1H-PYRROL-2-YLMETHYLENE)-1,3-DIHYDRO-2H-INDOL-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07079	3-{[4-(but-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl}propane-1-thiol	experimental			
DB07080	TO-901317	experimental	TO-901317 is an LXRalpha and LXRbeta agonist.		
DB07081	(2R)-4-[(8R)-8-METHYL-2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)-5,6-DIHYDRO[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRAZIN-7(8H)-YL]-4-OXO-1-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)BUTAN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07082	1,1,1,3,3,3-HEXAFLUORO-2-{4-[(2,2,2-TRIFLUOROETHYL)AMINO]PHENYL}PROPAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB07083	beta-phenyl-D-phenylalanyl-N-propyl-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07084	N-(6,7,9,10,17,18,20,21-octahydrodibenzo[b,k][1,4,7,10,13,16]hexaoxacyclooctadecin-2-yl)acetamide	experimental			
DB07085	2-{[N-(2-ACETYL-5-CHLORO-4-FLUOROPHENYL)GLYCYL]AMINO}BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07086	4-[(1S,2S,5S)-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-8-METHYL-3-OXABICYCLO[3.3.1]NON-7-EN-2-YL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB07087	4-[(1S,2S,5S,9R)-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-8,9-DIMETHYL-3-OXABICYCLO[3.3.1]NON-7-EN-2-YL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB07088	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(2-(cyclopentyloxy)ethanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07089	N-[amino(imino)methyl]-2-[2-(2-chlorophenyl)-4-(4-propoxyphenyl)-3-thienyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB07090	(3S)-N-(3-CHLORO-2-METHYLPHENYL)-1-CYCLOHEXYL-5-OXOPYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07091	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(2-(cyclohexyloxy)ethanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07092	(2S,3S)-3-AMINO-4-(3,3-DIFLUOROPYRROLIDIN-1-YL)-N,N-DIMETHYL-4-OXO-2-(TRANS-4-[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIDIN-6-YLCYCLOHEXYL)BUTANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07093	{3-[(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZOTHIAZOL-2-YL)METHYL]-2,4-DIOXO-3,4-DIHYDROPYRIMIDIN-1(2H)-YL}ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07094	1-(2,2'-bithiophen-5-yl)methanamine	experimental			
DB07095	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(3-cyclopentylpropanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07096	6-AMINO-BENZO[DE]ISOQUINOLINE-1,3-DIONE	experimental			
DB07097	4-tert-butyl-N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]benzohydrazide	experimental			
DB07098	4-bromo-N'-[(1E)-(3,5-dibromo-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)methylidene]benzohydrazide	experimental			
DB07099	N-[4-(benzyloxy)phenyl]glycinamide	experimental			
DB07100	4-CHLORO-6-(4-PIPERAZIN-1-YL-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL)BENZENE-1,3-DIOL	experimental			
DB07101	PD-0325901	investigational	PD-0325901 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Solid Tumour, Solid Tumors, Advanced Cancer, and Breast Neoplasms, among others.		
DB07102	(2S)-2-amino-5-oxo-5-[(4-phenylmethoxyphenyl)amino]pentanoic acid	experimental			
DB07103	2-(4-METHYLPHENOXY)ETHYLPHOSPHINATE	experimental			
DB07104	4-amino-N-[4-(benzyloxy)phenyl]butanamide	experimental			
DB07105	2-[2-(4-Chloro-Phenylsulfanyl)-Acetylamino]-3-(4-Guanidino-Phenyl)-Propionamide	experimental			
DB07106	SKF-91488	experimental			
DB07107	(1S)-2-(1H-INDOL-3-YL)-1-[({5-[(E)-2-PYRIDIN-4-YLVINYL]PYRIDIN-3-YL}OXY)METHYL]ETHYLAMINE	experimental			
DB07108	4'-FLUORO-1,1'-BIPHENYL-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07109	Isoferulic acid	experimental			
DB07110	4-(4-FLUOROBENZYL)PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07111	(4S,5E,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-4-hydroxydocosa-5,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid	experimental			
DB07112	N-[(4-HYDROXY-8-IODOISOQUINOLIN-3-YL)CARBONYL]GLYCINE	experimental			
DB07113	(2S)-6-(2,4-DIAMINO-6-ETHYLPYRIMIDIN-5-YL)-2-(3,5-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-4-(3-METHOXYPROPYL)-2H-1,4-BENZOXAZIN-3(4H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07114	4-[(METHYLSULFONYL)AMINO]BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07115	N-(4-chlorobenzyl)-N-methylbenzene-1,4-disulfonamide	experimental			
DB07116	1-(2-DEOXY-5-O-PHOSPHONO-BETA-D-ERYTHRO-PENTOFURANOSYL)-4-METHYL-1H-INDOLE	experimental			
DB07117	5-(4-PHENOXYPHENYL)-5-(4-PYRIMIDIN-2-YLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)PYRIMIDINE-2,4,6(2H,3H)-TRIONE	experimental			
DB07118	Hymecromone	experimental,investigational			
DB07119	1-CHLORO-6-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-2-NAPHTHOL	experimental			
DB07120	3-Carbamimidamido-1,1-diphenylurea	experimental			
DB07121	4-({4-[(4-AMINOBUT-2-YNYL)OXY]PHENYL}SULFONYL)-N-HYDROXY-2,2-DIMETHYLTHIOMORPHOLINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07122	1-[4-(2-oxo-2-phenylethyl)phenyl]guanidine	experimental			
DB07123	N-(4-METHYLBENZOYL)-4-BENZYLPIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07124	(2S)-1-(6H-INDOL-3-YL)-3-{[5-(7H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-C]PYRIDIN-5-YL)PYRIDIN-3-YL]OXY}PROPAN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07125	4-(6-{[(1R)-1-(hydroxymethyl)propyl]amino}imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazin-3-yl)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07126	O6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY-2-(4'-SULPHAMOYLANILINO) PURINE	experimental			
DB07127	{4-[2,2-BIS(5-METHYL-1,2,4-OXADIAZOL-3-YL)-3-PHENYLPROPYL]PHENYL}SULFAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB07128	N7-BUTYL-N2-(5-CHLORO-2-METHYLPHENYL)-5-METHYL[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDINE-2,7-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07129	(2R)-1-(2,6-dimethylphenoxy)propan-2-amine	experimental			
DB07130	4-BROMO-3-(CARBOXYMETHOXY)-5-PHENYLTHIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07131	(S)-N-(4-carbamimidoylbenzyl)-1-(3-cyclohexylpropanoyl)pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07132	1-{2-OXO-3-[(1R)-1-(1H-PYRROL-2-YL)ETHYL]-2H-INDOL-5-YL}UREA	experimental			
DB07133	D-phenylalanyl-N-(3-methylbenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07134	5-(4-CHLORO-5-PHENYL-3-THIENYL)-1,2,5-THIADIAZOLIDIN-3-ONE 1,1-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB07135	(2S,3S)-3-AMINO-4-[(3S)-3-FLUOROPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]-N,N-DIMETHYL-4-OXO-2-(TRANS-4-[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIDIN-5-YLCYCLOHEXYL)BUTANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07136	BX-528	experimental			
DB07137	(2S)-N-[(3E)-5-Cyclopropyl-3H-pyrazol-3-ylidene]-2-[4-(2-oxo-1-imidazolidinyl)phenyl]propanamide	experimental			
DB07138	Neflamapimod	investigational	Neflamapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.		
DB07139	3-[5-(3-nitrophenyl)thiophen-2-yl]propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07140	5-[(3R)-3-(5-methoxybiphenyl-3-yl)but-1-yn-1-yl]-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07141	5-[(3R)-3-(5-methoxy-4'-methylbiphenyl-3-yl)but-1-yn-1-yl]-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07142	5-[(3R)-3-(5-methoxy-3',5'-dimethylbiphenyl-3-yl)but-1-yn-1-yl]-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07143	D-phenylalanyl-N-benzyl-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07144	5-[(3R)-3-(5-methoxy-2',6'-dimethylbiphenyl-3-yl)but-1-yn-1-yl]-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07145	(2R)-N-HYDROXY-2-[(3S)-3-METHYL-3-{4-[(2-METHYLQUINOLIN-4-YL)METHOXY]PHENYL}-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07146	2,3-DIPHENYL-N-(2-PIPERAZIN-1-YLETHYL)FURO[2,3-B]PYRIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07147	methyl (1R,2S)-2-(hydroxycarbamoyl)-1-{4-[(2-methylquinolin-4-yl)methoxy]benzyl}cyclopropanecarboxylate	experimental			
DB07148	(6S)-1-chloro-3-[(4-fluorobenzyl)oxy]-6-(pyrrolidin-1-ylcarbonyl)pyrrolo[1,2-a]pyrazin-4(6H)-one	experimental			
DB07149	(7S)-2-(2-aminopyrimidin-4-yl)-7-(2-fluoroethyl)-1,5,6,7-tetrahydro-4H-pyrrolo[3,2-c]pyridin-4-one	experimental			
DB07150	4-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1-NAPHTHALDEHYDE OXIME	experimental			
DB07151	4-(4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl)-6-phenylpyrimidin-2(5H)-one	experimental			
DB07152	N-[4-(5-fluoro-6-methylpyridin-2-yl)-5-quinoxalin-6-yl-1H-imidazol-2-yl]acetamide	experimental			
DB07153	6-methyl-5-[3-methyl-3-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)but-1-yn-1-yl]pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07154	(3R)-4-[(3R)-3-AMINO-4-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)BUTANOYL]-3-METHYL-1,4-DIAZEPAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07155	(3S)-1-CYCLOHEXYL-5-OXO-N-PHENYLPYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07156	(4Z)-6-bromo-4-({[4-(pyrrolidin-1-ylmethyl)phenyl]amino}methylidene)isoquinoline-1,3(2H,4H)-dione	experimental			
DB07157	(5R,6S,8S)-8-[3-(AMINOMETHYL)PHENYL]-6-HYDROXY-5-ISOPROPYL-3-OXO-1-PHENYL-2,7-DIOXA-4-AZA-6-PHOSPHANONAN-9-OIC ACID 6-OXIDE	experimental			
DB07158	5-ETHYL-3-METHYL-1,5-DIHYDRO-4H-PYRAZOLO[4,3-C]QUINOLIN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB07159	Tamatinib	experimental,investigational			
DB07160	N-{[(2S,3S)-3-(ETHOXYCARBONYL)OXIRAN-2-YL]CARBONYL}-L-ISOLEUCINE	experimental			
DB07161	5-phenyl-1H-indazol-3-amine	experimental			
DB07162	4-(3-amino-1H-indazol-5-yl)-N-tert-butylbenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07163	5-[(2-AMINOETHYL)AMINO]-6-FLUORO-3-(1H-PYRROL-2-YL)BENZO[CD]INDOL-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07164	N-cyclopropyl-4-pyrazolo[1,5-b]pyridazin-3-ylpyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB07165	N-(5-CHLORO-BENZO[B]THIOPHEN-3-YLMETHYL)-2-[6-CHLORO-OXO-3-(2-PYRIDIN-2-YL-ETHYLAMINO)-2H-PYRAZIN-1-YL]-ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07167	5-CYANO-FURAN-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID [5-HYDROXYMETHYL-2-(4-METHYL-PIPERIDIN-1-YL)-PHENYL]-AMIDE	experimental			
DB07168	[4-({4-[(5-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)amino]-6-(methylamino)pyrimidin-2-yl}amino)phenyl]acetonitrile	experimental			
DB07169	5R-(3,4-DICHLOROPHENYLMETHYL)-3-(2-THIOPHENESULFONYLAMINO)-4-OXO-2-THIONOTHIAZOLIDINE	experimental			
DB07170	5'-FLUORO-2',5'-DIDEOXYADENOSINE	experimental			
DB07171	5-(2-hydroxyethyl)nonane-1,9-diol	experimental			
DB07172	(5R,6E,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-5-hydroxyicosa-6,8,11,14,17-pentaenoic acid	experimental			
DB07173	7-(5-DEOXY-BETA-D-RIBOFURANOSYL)-5-IODO-7H-PYRROLO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07174	6-(2,4-DIAMINO-6-ETHYLPYRIMIDIN-5-YL)-4-(3-METHOXYPROPYL)-2,2-DIMETHYL-2H-1,4-BENZOXAZIN-3(4H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07175	N-{2-methyl-5-[(6-phenylpyrimidin-4-yl)amino]phenyl}methanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07176	1-Naphthylamine-5-sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB07177	(5E,13E)-11-HYDROXY-9,15-DIOXOPROSTA-5,13-DIEN-1-OIC ACID	experimental			
DB07178	5-PENTYL-2-PHENOXYPHENOL	experimental			
DB07179	3-((3-bromo-5-o-tolylpyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-ylamino)methyl)pyridine 1-oxide	experimental			
DB07180	5-[(Z)-(5-Chloro-2-oxo-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-ylidene)methyl]-N,2,4-trimethyl-1H-pyrrole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07181	4'-[(1R)-1-amino-2-(2,5-difluorophenyl)ethyl]biphenyl-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07182	(2S)-2-(3-Carbamimidamidophenyl)-3-[hydroxy(3-phenylpropyl)phosphoryl]propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07183	N-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-2-[(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)amino]nicotinamide	experimental			
DB07184	6-(cyclohexylsulfanyl)-1-(ethoxymethyl)-5-(1-methylethyl)pyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione	experimental			
DB07185	2-{[(4-CHLOROPHENOXY)ACETYL]AMINO}BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07186	4-(4-METHYLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)-N-[5-(2-THIENYLACETYL)-1,5-DIHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-C]PYRAZOL-3-YL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07187	CP-744809	experimental			
DB07188	(3S)-1-CYCLOHEXYL-N-(3,5-DICHLOROPHENYL)-5-OXOPYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07189	(1S,3R,6S)-4-oxo-6-{4-[(2-phenylquinolin-4-yl)methoxy]phenyl}-5-azaspiro[2.4]heptane-1-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07190	3-cyclohexyl-D-alanyl-N-(3-chlorobenzyl)-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB07192	(3S)-N-(3-BROMOPHENYL)-1-CYCLOHEXYL-5-OXOPYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07193	(2R,3R)-7-(methylsulfonyl)-3-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]benzimidazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB07194	2-{2-[(3,5-dimethylphenyl)amino]pyrimidin-4-yl}-N-[(1S)-2-hydroxy-1-methylethyl]-4-methyl-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07195	4-[(1S,2S,5S)-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-6,8,9-TRIMETHYL-3-OXABICYCLO[3.3.1]NON-7-EN-2-YL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB07196	N-methyl-1-(2-thiophen-2-ylphenyl)methanamine	experimental			
DB07197	4-BROMO-3-(CARBOXYMETHOXY)-5-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07198	5-HYDROXY-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1-BENZOFURAN-7-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB07199	(2S,4S,5R)-1-(4-TERT-BUTYLBENZOYL)-2-ISOBUTYL-5-(1,3-THIAZOL-2-YL)PYRROLIDINE-2,4-DICARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07200	(2S,4S,5R)-2-ISOBUTYL-5-(2-THIENYL)-1-[4-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZOYL]PYRROLIDINE-2,4-DICARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07201	(2S)-3-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylideneamino)oxy]-2-methylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB07202	6-CHLORO-3-(3-METHYLISOXAZOL-5-YL)-4-PHENYLQUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07203	6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY-2-(3'-CHLOROANILINO) PURINE	experimental			
DB07204	(1S)-1-(1H-INDOL-3-YLMETHYL)-2-(2-PYRIDIN-4-YL-[1,7]NAPHTYRIDIN-5-YLOXY)-EHYLAMINE	experimental			
DB07205	N6-ISOPENTENYL-ADENOSINE-5'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07206	6-[2-(1H-INDOL-6-YL)ETHYL]PYRIDIN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07207	2-(4-HYDROXY-5-PHENYL-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-1H-BENZOIMIDAZOLE-5-CARBOXAMIDINE	experimental			
DB07208	(8E,10S,12Z)-10-hydroxy-6-oxooctadeca-8,12-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB07209	(8R,9Z,12Z)-8-hydroxy-6-oxooctadeca-9,12-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB07210	3-bromo-5-phenyl-N-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB07211	(2R)-2-(5-CHLORO-2-THIENYL)-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL]-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL}PROPENE-1-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07212	N-(7-CARBAMIMIDOYL-NAPHTHALEN-1-YL)-3-HYDROXY-2-METHYL-BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07213	(5-{3-[5-(PIPERIDIN-1-YLMETHYL)-1H-INDOL-2-YL]-1H-INDAZOL-6-YL}-2H-1,2,3-TRIAZOL-4-YL)METHANOL	experimental			
DB07215	GW-590735	investigational			
DB07216	(11S)-8-CHLORO-11-[1-(METHYLSULFONYL)PIPERIDIN-4-YL]-6-PIPERAZIN-1-YL-11H-BENZO[5,6]CYCLOHEPTA[1,2-B]PYRIDINE	experimental			
DB07217	N-(3-cyano-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1-benzothien-2-yl)-2-fluorobenzamide	experimental			
DB07218	6-CHLORO-9-HYDROXY-1,3-DIMETHYL-1,9-DIHYDRO-4H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-B]QUINOLIN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB07219	BENZYL N-({(2S,3S)-3-[(PROPYLAMINO)CARBONYL]OXIRAN-2-YL}CARBONYL)-L-ISOLEUCYL-L-PROLINATE	experimental			
DB07220	N-[5-(1,1-DIOXIDOISOTHIAZOLIDIN-2-YL)-1H-INDAZOL-3-YL]-2-(4-PIPERIDIN-1-YLPHENYL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07221	(2,2-DIPHOSPHONOETHYL)(DODECYL)DIMETHYLPHOSPHONIUM	experimental			
DB07222	(3S)-N-(5-CHLORO-2-METHYLPHENYL)-1-CYCLOHEXYL-5-OXOPYRROLIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07223	METHYL N-({(2S,3S)-3-[(PROPYLAMINO)CARBONYL]OXIRAN-2-YL}CARBONYL)-L-ISOLEUCYL-L-PROLINATE	experimental			
DB07224	N-{[(2S,3S)-3-(ETHOXYCARBONYL)OXIRAN-2-YL]CARBONYL}-L-ISOLEUCYL-L-ALANINE	experimental			
DB07225	N-{[(2S,3S)-3-(ETHOXYCARBONYL)OXIRAN-2-YL]CARBONYL}-L-ISOLEUCYL-L-ISOLEUCINE	experimental			
DB07226	N-[4-(2-CHLOROPHENYL)-1,3-DIOXO-1,2,3,6-TETRAHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-C]CARBAZOL-9-YL]FORMAMIDE	experimental			
DB07227	L-778123	experimental			
DB07228	1-(5-CHLORO-2-METHOXYPHENYL)-3-{6-[2-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-1-METHYLETHOXY]PYRAZIN-2-YL}UREA	experimental			
DB07229	3-{5-[AMINO(IMINIO)METHYL]-1H-INDOL-2-YL}-5-METHOXY-1,1'-BIPHENYL-2-OLATE	experimental			
DB07230	3-BROMO-6-HYDROXY-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1H-INDEN-1-ONE	experimental			
DB07231	N-({(2S,3S)-3-[(BENZYLAMINO)CARBONYL]OXIRAN-2-YL}CARBONYL)-L-ISOLEUCYL-L-PROLINE	experimental			
DB07232	Veliparib	investigational			
DB07233	N-{[4-(but-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl}-5-methyl-D-tryptophan	experimental			
DB07234	3-{[(1R)-1-phenylethyl]amino}-4-(pyridin-4-ylamino)cyclobut-3-ene-1,2-dione	experimental			
DB07235	N-[(1S)-2-AMINO-1-(2,4-DICHLOROBENZYL)ETHYL]-5-[2-(METHYLAMINO)PYRIMIDIN-4-YL]THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07236	3-(6-HYDROXY-NAPHTHALEN-2-YL)-BENZO[D]ISOOXAZOL-6-OL	experimental			
DB07237	{4-[(2R)-pyrrolidin-2-ylmethoxy]phenyl}(4-thiophen-3-ylphenyl)methanone	experimental			
DB07238	Nesbuvir	investigational	Nesbuvir has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C.		
DB07239	7-(aminomethyl)-6-(2-chlorophenyl)-1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-5-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB07240	3-[(9H-fluoren-9-ylideneamino)oxy]propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07241	7-carboxy-5-hydroxy-12,13-dihydro-6H-indolo[2,3-a]pyrrolo[3,4-c]carbazole	experimental			
DB07242	(4R)-7,8-dichloro-1',9-dimethyl-1-oxo-1,2,4,9-tetrahydrospiro[beta-carboline-3,4'-piperidine]-4-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB07243	(3-ENDO)-8-METHYL-8-AZABICYCLO[3.2.1]OCT-3-YL 1H-PYRROLO[2,3-B]PYRIDINE-3-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07244	5-{4-[(3,5-DIFLUOROBENZYL)AMINO]PHENYL}-6-ETHYLPYRIMIDINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07245	6-[2-(3'-METHOXYBIPHENYL-3-YL)ETHYL]PYRIDIN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07246	(2R)-2-AMINO-3,3,3-TRIFLUORO-N-HYDROXY-2-{[(4-PHENOXYPHENYL)SULFONYL]METHYL}PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07247	[2'-HYDROXY-3'-(1H-PYRROLO[3,2-C]PYRIDIN-2-YL)-BIPHENYL-3-YLMETHYL]-UREA	experimental			
DB07248	7-PYRIDIN-2-YL-N-(3,4,5-TRIMETHOXYPHENYL)-7H-PYRROLO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07249	N-(5-chloro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)-6-methoxy-7-(3-piperidin-1-ylpropoxy)quinazolin-4-amine	experimental			
DB07250	N'-(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZODIOXOL-4-YL)-N-(3,4,5- TRIMETHOXYPHENYL)PYRIMIDINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07251	N'-(3-CHLORO-4-METHOXY-PHENYL)-N-(3,4,5-TRIMETHOXYPHENYL)-1,3,5-TRIAZINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07252	3-({4-[(5-chloro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)amino]pyrimidin-2-yl}amino)benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07253	N'-(5-chloro-1,3-benzodioxol-4-yl)-N-(3-methylsulfonylphenyl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07254	N-[3-[[4-[(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZODIOXOL-4-YL)AMINO]PYRIMIDIN-2-YL]AMINO]PHENYL]METHANESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07255	N'-(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZODIOXOL-4-YL)-N-(3-MORPHOLIN-4-YLPHENYL)PYRIMIDINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07256	3-({4-[(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZODIOXOL-4-YL)AMINO]PYRIMIDIN-2-YL}AMINO)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07257	4-(2-chlorophenyl)-8-(2-hydroxyethyl)-6-methylpyrrolo[3,4-e]indole-1,3(2H,6H)-dione	experimental			
DB07258	(R)-pyridin-4-yl[4-(2-pyrrolidin-1-ylethoxy)phenyl]methanol	experimental			
DB07259	1-(4-thiophen-2-ylphenyl)methanamine	experimental			
DB07260	N-benzyl-4-[(2R)-pyrrolidin-2-ylmethoxy]aniline	experimental			
DB07261	THIENO[3,2-B]PYRIDINE-2-SULFONIC ACID [1-(1-AMINO-ISOQUINOLIN-7-YLMETHYL)-2-OXO-PYRROLDIN-3-YL]-AMIDE	experimental			
DB07262	1-{[N-(1-Imino-guanidino-methyl)]sulfanylmethyl}-3-trifluoromethyl-benzene	experimental			
DB07263	[{2-bromo-4-[(2R)-3-oxo-2,3-diphenylpropyl]phenyl}(difluoro)methyl]phosphonic acid	experimental			
DB07264	(S)-N-(1-(3-CHLORO-4-FLUOROPHENYL)-2-HYDROXYETHYL)-4-(4-(3-CHLOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-1H-PYRROLE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07265	3-(9-HYDROXY-1,3-DIOXO-4-PHENYL-2,3-DIHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-C]CARBAZOL-6(1H)-YL)PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07266	AKI-001	experimental	AKI-001 is an aurora kinase inhibitor.		
DB07267	2-(6-methylpyridin-2-yl)-N-pyridin-4-ylquinazolin-4-amine	experimental			
DB07268	2-({2-[(3-HYDROXYPHENYL)AMINO]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL}AMINO)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07269	(2S)-2-[3-(AMINOMETHYL)PHENYL]-3-[(R)-[(1R)-1-{[(BENZYLOXY)CARBONYL]AMINO}-2-METHYLPROPYL](HYDROXY)PHOSPHORYL]PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07270	N-[7-(3-AMINOPHENYL)-5-METHOXY-1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL]-2,5-DICHLOROBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07271	4-[(3R)-3-Amino-4-(2,4,5-trifluorophenyl)butanoyl]-3-(2,2,2-trifluoroethyl)-1,4-diazepan-2-one	experimental			
DB07272	N-(4-AMINO-5-CYANO-6-ETHOXYPYRIDIN-2-YL)-2-(4-BROMO-2,5-DIMETHOXYPHENYL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07273	1-[(2-AMINO-4-CHLORO-5-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]-L-PROLINE	experimental			
DB07274	N-cyclopropyl-6-[(6,7-dimethoxyquinolin-4-yl)oxy]naphthalene-1-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07275	3-(1,1-dioxido-4H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazin-3-yl)-4-hydroxy-1-(3-methylbutyl)quinolin-2(1H)-one	experimental			
DB07276	5-CYANO-N-(2,5-DIMETHOXYBENZYL)-6-ETHOXYPYRIDINE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07277	2-(5-CHLORO-2-THIENYL)-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL]-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL}ETHANESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07278	GW-813893	experimental			
DB07279	N-ETHYL-N-ISOPROPYL-3-METHYL-5-{[(2S)-2-(PYRIDIN-4-YLAMINO)PROPYL]OXY}BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07280	5-[4-(DIMETHYLAMINO)PHENYL]-6-[(6-MORPHOLIN-4-YLPYRIDIN-3-YL)ETHYNYL]PYRIMIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07281	N~3~-BENZYLPYRIDINE-2,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07282	3-({[(1Z)-(2-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]amino}oxy)propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07283	9-benzyl-2,3,4,9-tetrahydro-1H-carbazole-8-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07284	N~3~-(3-PYRIDIN-3-YLBENZYL)PYRIDINE-2,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07285	(3R)-4,4-DIFLUORO-3-[(4-METHOXYPHENYL)SULFONYL]BUTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07286	BMS-564929	experimental	BMS-564929 is an investigational therapeutic agent built to be a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). So far, it has been developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb for the symptomatic treatment of andropause.		
DB07287	2-(2,4-DICHLOROPHENOXY)-5-(PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHYL)PHENOL	experimental			
DB07288	N-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-[(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)amino]benzamide	experimental			
DB07289	5-[3-(BENZYLAMINO)PHENYL]-4-BROMO-3-(CARBOXYMETHOXY)THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07290	(2R)-2-{[(4-FLUORO-3-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}-N-HYDROXY-2-TETRAHYDRO-2H-PYRAN-4-YLACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07291	5-amino-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-1H-pyrazole-4-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB07292	4-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)phenol	experimental			
DB07293	benzyl (2-oxopropyl)carbamate	experimental			
DB07294	3-fluoro-4-[2-hydroxy-2-(5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8,-tetrahydro-naphtalen-2-yl)-acetylamino]-benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07295	2-[(7-HYDROXY-NAPHTHALEN-1-YL)-OXALYL-AMINO]-BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07296	(5Z)-3-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-4-HYDROXY-5-(1-NAPHTHYLMETHYLENE)FURAN-2(5H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07297	5,6-DIPHENYL-N-(2-PIPERAZIN-1-YLETHYL)FURO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07298	3-(CARBOXYMETHOXY)THIENO[2,3-B]PYRIDINE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07299	4-METHYL-PENTANOIC ACID {1-[4-GUANIDINO-1-(THIAZOLE-2-CARBONYL)-BUTYLCARBAMOYL]-2-METHYL-PROPYL}-AMIDE	experimental			
DB07300	2-(1H-imidazol-1-yl)-9-methoxy-8-(2-methoxyethoxy)benzo[c][2,7]naphthyridin-4-amine	experimental			
DB07301	Carbazole	experimental			
DB07302	9(S)-HODE	experimental			
DB07303	N~3~-[3-(5-METHOXYPYRIDIN-3-YL)BENZYL]PYRIDINE-2,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07304	5-[2-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)PHENYL]-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07305	5-(2-CHLORO-4-NITROPHENYL)-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07306	ETHYL 4-[(4-CHLOROPYRIDIN-2-YL)AMINO]PIPERIDINE-1-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07307	N-cyclopropyl-4-methyl-3-[1-(2-methylphenyl)phthalazin-6-yl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07308	5-(2-CHLOROBENZYL)-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07309	5-BROMO-2-{[(4-CHLOROPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07310	(5S)-2-{[(1S)-1-(2-fluorophenyl)ethyl]amino}-5-methyl-5-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB07311	18-CHLORO-11,12,13,14-TETRAHYDRO-1H,10H-8,4-(AZENO)-9,15,1,3,6-BENZODIOXATRIAZACYCLOHEPTADECIN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07312	2,5-DICHLORO-N-(5-CHLORO-1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07313	5-METHYL-2-[(PHENYLSULFONYL)AMINO]BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07314	1-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIMETHOXYPHENYL)-3-(5-CYANOPYRAZIN-2-YL)UREA	experimental			
DB07315	5-chloro-N-{4-[(1R)-1,2-dihydroxyethyl]phenyl}-1H-indole-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07316	N-{1-[(1-carbamoylcyclopropyl)methyl]piperidin-4-yl}-N-cyclopropyl-4-[(1S)-2,2,2-trifluoro-1-hydroxy-1-methylethyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07317	(3E)-3-[(phenylamino)methylidene]dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one	experimental			
DB07318	N-[2-(4-AMINO-5,8-DIFLUORO-1,2-DIHYDROQUINAZOLIN-2-YL)ETHYL]-3-FURAMIDE	experimental			
DB07319	6-(3-BROMO-2-NAPHTHYL)-1,3,5-TRIAZINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07320	4-(6-{[(4-METHYLCYCLOHEXYL)AMINO]METHYL}-1,4-DIHYDROINDENO[1,2-C]PYRAZOL-3-YL)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07321	2,5-DICHLORO-N-[5-METHOXY-7-(6-METHOXYPYRIDIN-3-YL)-1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL]BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07322	2-[(PHENYLSULFONYL)AMINO]-5,6,7,8-TETRAHYDRONAPHTHALENE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07323	2-[({2-[(1Z)-3-(DIMETHYLAMINO)PROP-1-ENYL]-4-FLUOROPHENYL}SULFONYL)AMINO]-5,6,7,8-TETRAHYDRONAPHTHALENE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07324	3-({2-[(2-AMINO-6-METHYLPYRIMIDIN-4-YL)ETHYNYL]BENZYL}AMINO)-1,3-OXAZOL-2(3H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07325	N-[(2-AMINO-6-METHYLPYRIMIDIN-4-YL)METHYL]-3-{[(E)-(2-OXODIHYDROFURAN-3(2H)-YLIDENE)METHYL]AMINO}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07326	6-chloro-N-pyrimidin-5-yl-3-{[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]amino}-1,2-benzisoxazole-7-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07327	R-95845	experimental	R-95845 is an inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase.		
DB07328	METHYL 4-{[({[(2R,5S)-5-{[(2S)-2-(AMINOMETHYL)PYRROLIDIN-1-YL]CARBONYL}PYRROLIDIN-2-YL]METHYL}AMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}BENZOATE	experimental			
DB07329	1-[N-4'-NITROBENZYL-N-4'-CARBOXYBUTYLAMINO]METHYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07330	A-620223	experimental			
DB07331	p-Nitrophenylacetic acid	experimental			
DB07332	ALPHA-(2,6-DICHLOROPHENYL)-ALPHA-(2-ACETYL-5-METHYLANILINO)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07333	N-(CYCLOPROPYLMETHYL)-4-(METHYLOXY)-3-({5-[3-(3-PYRIDINYL)PHENYL]-1,3-OXAZOL-2-YL}AMINO)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07334	N-[5-(ETHYLSULFONYL)-2-METHOXYPHENYL]-5-[3-(2-PYRIDINYL)PHENYL]-1,3-OXAZOL-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB07335	3-[4-AMINO-1-(1-METHYLETHYL)-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-D]PYRIMIDIN-3-YL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB07336	4-[3-(1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-2-YL)-1H-INDAZOL-6-YL]-2-METHOXYPHENOL	experimental			
DB07337	4-[4-AMINO-6-(5-CHLORO-1H-INDOL-4-YLMETHYL)-[1,3,5]TRIAZIN-2-YLAMINO]-BENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB07338	Acifluorfen	experimental	Acifluorfen is a protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor.		
DB07339	(3S)-3-hydroxy-1-methyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-indole-5,6-dione	experimental			
DB07340	Reversine	experimental			
DB07341	octyl 3-amino-3-deoxy-2-O-(2,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl)-beta-D-galactopyranoside	experimental			
DB07342	1-(adamantan-1-yl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-yl)ethanone	experimental			
DB07343	4-[4-AMINO-6-(2,6-DICHLORO-PHENOXY)-[1,3,5]TRIAZIN-2-YLAMINO]-BENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB07344	3,6,9,12,15-PENTAOXAHEPTADECAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB07345	4-(2-aminoethyl)-2-cyclohexylphenol	experimental			
DB07346	4-(2-aminoethyl)-2-ethylphenol	experimental			
DB07347	4-(2-Aminoethyl)Benzenesulfonyl Fluoride	experimental			
DB07348	Brefeldin A	experimental	A metabolite from Penicillium brefeldianum that exhibits a wide range of antibiotic activity.		
DB07349	(1S)-2-{[{[(2S)-2,3-DIHYDROXYPROPYL]OXY}(HYDROXY)PHOSPHORYL]OXY}-1-[(PENTANOYLOXY)METHYL]ETHYL OCTANOATE	experimental			
DB07350	(2E)-N-hydroxy-3-[1-methyl-4-(phenylacetyl)-1H-pyrrol-2-yl]prop-2-enamide	experimental			
DB07351	O-(((1R)-((N-(PHENYL-METHOXY-CARBONYL)-ALANYL)-AMINO)METHYL)HYDROXYPHOSPHINYL)3-L-PHENYLLACTATE	experimental			
DB07352	Apigenin	experimental			
DB07353	4-(2,5-DIAMINO-5-HYDROXY-PENTYL)-PHENOL	experimental			
DB07354	2,3-DIMETHOXY-12H-[1,3]DIOXOLO[5,6]INDENO[1,2-C]ISOQUINOLIN-6-IUM	experimental			
DB07355	3-(heptyloxy)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07356	(1S)-2-[(2S,5R)-2-(AMINOMETHYL)-5-ETHYNYLPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]-1-CYCLOPENTYL-2-OXOETHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07357	4-AMINO-2-HEXYLOXY-6-HYDROXYMETHYL-TETRAHYDRO-PYRAN-3,5-DIOL	experimental			
DB07358	2-amino-N-(4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)-5-[(4-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)sulfanyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07359	3-[(4-fluorophenyl)sulfanyl]-N-(4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)-6-[(4-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)sulfanyl]pyridine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07360	1-{5-[2-(thieno[3,2-d]pyrimidin-4-ylamino)ethyl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl}-3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]urea	experimental			
DB07362	1-(5-{2-[(1-methyl-1H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)amino]ethyl}-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)-3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]urea	experimental			
DB07363	THIOPHENE-2,5-DISULFONIC ACID 2-AMIDE-5-(4-METHYL-BENZYLAMIDE)	experimental			
DB07364	6-PHENYL[5H]PYRROLO[2,3-B]PYRAZINE	experimental			
DB07365	1-Naphthyl-L-alanine	experimental			
DB07366	2-[N'-(4-AMINO-BUTYL)-HYDRAZINOCARBONYL]-PYRROLIDINE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID BENZYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07367	(3Z,5S,6R,7S,8S,8aR)-3-(octylimino)hexahydro[1,3]oxazolo[3,4-a]pyridine-5,6,7,8-tetrol	experimental			
DB07368	4-(METHYLSULFONYL)BENZENECARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB07369	N-(3-chlorophenyl)-N-methyl-2-oxo-3-[(3,4,5-trimethyl-1H-pyrrol-2-yl)methyl]-2H-indole-5-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB07370	(3Z,5S,6R,7S,8R,8aS)-3-(octylimino)hexahydro[1,3]thiazolo[3,4-a]pyridine-5,6,7,8-tetrol	experimental			
DB07371	3-(10-methyl-9-anthryl)propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07373	Boldione	experimental			
DB07374	Anisomycin	experimental	Anisomycin (sometimes known as flagecidin), is an antibiotic retrieved from the bacteria _Streptomyces griseolus_. This drug acts to inhibit bacterial protein and DNA synthesis.		
DB07375	Etiocholanedione	experimental		Androstenedione Metabolism	
DB07376	5-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-1-NAPHTHALENESULFONIC ACID(DANSYL ACID)	experimental			
DB07377	N'-((2S,3R)-3-AMINO-2-HYDROXY-5-(ISOPROPYLSULFANYL)PENTANOYL)-N-3-CHLOROBENZOYL HYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB07378	4-AMINO-2-OCTYLOXY-6-HYDROXYMETHYL-TETRAHYDRO-PYRAN-3,5-DIOL	experimental			
DB07379	(2S)-2-({6-[(3-Amino-5-chlorophenyl)amino]-9-isopropyl-9H-purin-2-yl}amino)-3-methyl-1-butanol	experimental			
DB07380	1,1,1-TRIFLUORO-3-ACETAMIDO-4-PHENYL BUTAN-2-ONE(N-ACETYL-L-PHENYLALANYL TRIFLUOROMETHYL KETONE)	experimental			
DB07381	(S)-atrolactic acid	experimental			
DB07382	N~2~-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl-N~4~-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07383	N-(1-BENZYL-3,3,3-TRIFLUORO-2,2-DIHYDROXY-PROPYL)-ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07384	1-ACETYL-2-CARBOXYPIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07385	3-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-1-METHYL-5-(2-METHYLAZIRIDIN-1-YL)-2-PHENYL-1H-INDOLE-4,7-DIONE	experimental			
DB07387	3-(BUTYLSULPHONYL)-PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07388	ETHYL 4-[(4-METHYLPYRIDIN-2-YL)AMINO]PIPERIDINE-1-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07389	N-[2-(6-AMINO-4-METHYLPYRIDIN-2-YL)ETHYL]-4-CYANOBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07390	2-[3-(5-Mercapto-[1,3,4]thiadiazol-2-yl)-ureido]-N-methyl-3-phenyl-propionamide	experimental			
DB07391	(2S)-2-AMINO-1-(5-TERT-BUTYL-1,3,4-OXADIAZOL-2-YL)PROPAN-1-ONE	experimental			
DB07392	Atrazine	experimental	Atrazine is a selective triazine herbicide. Inhalation hazard is low and there are no apparent skin manifestations or other toxicity in humans. Acutely poisoned sheep and cattle may show muscular spasms, fasciculations, stiff gait, increased respiratory rates, adrenal degeneration, and congestion of the lungs, liver, and kidneys. (From The Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB07393	2-(2-PHENYL-3-PYRIDIN-2-YL-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-2H-ISOPHOSPHINDOL-1-YL)PYRIDINE	experimental			
DB07394	AUROVERTIN B	experimental			
DB07395	4-[3-(2-Chloro-4,5-difluoro-benzoyl)ureido]-3-trifluoromethoxybenzoic acid	experimental			
DB07396	AVE-2865	experimental			
DB07397	(5S)-5-(2-amino-2-oxoethyl)-4-oxo-N-[(3-oxo-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-6-yl)methyl]-3,4,5,6,7,8-hexahydro[1]benzothieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07398	2-[(CYCLOPROPYLCARBONYL)AMINO]-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-1-BENZOTHIOPHENE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07400	1-ETHOXYCARBONYL-D-PHE-PRO-2(4-AMINOBUTYL)HYDRAZINE	experimental			
DB07401	Azoxystrobin	experimental	Azoxystrobin is a methoxyacrylate analog and a strobilurin fungicide.		
DB07402	Azapropazone	withdrawn			
DB07403	4-[(3-CHLORO-4-{[(2R)-3,3,3-TRIFLUORO-2-HYDROXY-2-METHYLPROPANOYL]AMINO}PHENYL)SULFONYL]-N,N-DIMETHYLBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07404	BPH-608	experimental			
DB07405	1-(6-CYANO-3-PYRIDYLCARBONYL)-5',8'-DIFLUOROSPIRO[PIPERIDINE-4,2'(1'H)-QUINAZOLINE]-4'-AMINE	experimental			
DB07406	(4R)-N-[4-({[2-(DIMETHYLAMINO)ETHYL]AMINO}CARBONYL)-1,3-THIAZOL-2-YL]-4-METHYL-1-OXO-2,3,4,9-TETRAHYDRO-1H-BETA-CARBOLINE-6-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07407	5-(2-METHOXYPHENYL)-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07408	5-(2-NITROPHENYL)-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07409	(1-HYDROXY-1-PHOSPHONO-2-[1,1';4',1'']TERPHENYL-3-YL-ETHYL)-PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07410	[2-(3-DIBENZOFURAN-4-YL-PHENYL)-1-HYDROXY-1-PHOSPHONO-ETHYL]-PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07411	PHENYLALANINE BORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07412	1-biphenyl-2-ylmethanamine	experimental			
DB07413	5'-S-[2-(decylamino)ethyl]-5'-thioadenosine	experimental			
DB07414	(5S)-1-benzyl-3-(1,1-dioxido-1,2-benzisothiazol-3-yl)-4-hydroxy-5-(1-methylethyl)-1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one	experimental			
DB07415	4-[(1S)-1-(3-fluoro-4-methoxyphenyl)-2-(2-methoxy-5-nitrophenyl)ethyl]-1H-imidazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB07416	(2S)-2-(BUTYRYLOXY)-3-HYDROXYPROPYL NONANOATE	experimental			
DB07418	bis(4-nitrophenyl) hydrogen phosphate	experimental			
DB07419	S-23	experimental	An androgen receptor modulator.		
DB07420	(1R)-4-(3-phenoxyphenyl)-1-phosphonobutane-1-sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB07421	4-{[(1R,2S)-1,2-dihydroxy-2-methyl-3-(4-nitrophenoxy)propyl]amino}-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzonitrile	experimental			
DB07422	(2S)-2-hydroxy-2-methyl-N-[4-nitro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-3-(pentafluorophenoxy)propanamide	experimental			
DB07423	Andarine	experimental	Andarine is a non-steroidal selective androgen receptor modulator.		
DB07424	Tripotassium (1R)-4-biphenyl-4-yl-1-phosphonatobutane-1-sulfonate	experimental			
DB07425	Sobetirome	investigational			
DB07426	[1-HYDROXY-2-(1,1':3',1''-TERPHENYL-3-YLOXY)ETHANE-1,1-DIYL]BIS(PHOSPHONIC ACID)	experimental			
DB07427	2-[(2-methoxy-5-methylphenoxy)methyl]pyridine	experimental			
DB07428	4-[(5-methoxy-2-methylphenoxy)methyl]pyridine	experimental			
DB07429	2-({[4-bromo-3-(diethylsulfamoyl)phenyl]carbonyl}amino)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07430	(10R)-10-methyl-3-(6-methylpyridin-3-yl)-9,10,11,12-tetrahydro-8H-[1,4]diazepino[5',6':4,5]thieno[3,2-f]quinolin-8-one	experimental			
DB07431	(3R)-3-(aminomethyl)-9-methoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-5H-[1]benzothieno[3,2-e][1,4]diazepin-5-one	experimental			
DB07432	[[(3R,4R,5S,6R)-3-(butanoylamino)-4,5-dihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-ylidene]amino] N-phenylcarbamate	experimental			
DB07433	(TERT-BUTYLOXYCARBONYL)-ALANYL-AMINO ETHYL-FORMAMIDE	experimental			
DB07434	HONH-BENZYLMALONYL-L-ALANYLGLYCINE-P-NITROANILIDE	experimental			
DB07435	1,2,3-TRIHYDROXY-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROBENZO[A]PYRENE	experimental			
DB07436	N-(1-PHENYL-PROPYL)-FORMAMIDE	experimental			
DB07437	5-Benzylacyclouridine	experimental			
DB07439	1-((2-HYDROXYETHOXY)METHYL)-5-(3-(BENZYLOXY)BENZYL)-6-HYDROXYPYRIMIDINE-2,4(1H,3H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07440	4-TERT-BUTYLBENZENESULFONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07441	3-{[(9-CYANO-9,10-DIHYDRO-10-METHYLACRIDIN-9-YL)CARBONYL]AMINO}PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07443	(2Z)-N-biphenyl-4-yl-2-cyano-3-hydroxybut-2-enamide	experimental			
DB07444	6-(3-AMINOPROPYL)-4,9-DIMETHYLPYRROLO[3,4-C]CARBAZOLE-1,3(2H,6H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07445	N'-[(1E)-(3,5-DIBROMO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)METHYLENE]NICOTINOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB07446	N-(biphenyl-4-ylsulfonyl)-D-leucine	experimental			
DB07447	5beta-dihydrotestosterone	experimental		17-beta Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase III Deficiency,Androgen and Estrogen Metabolism,Aromatase Deficiency	
DB07448	(2S)-3-[(R)-[(1S)-1-amino-3-phenylpropyl](hydroxy)phosphoryl]-2-benzylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB07449	N-[(1S)-1-(aminocarbonyl)-4-(ethanimidoylamino)butyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07450	(R)-minalrestat	experimental			
DB07451	1-(5-BROMO-PYRIDIN-2-YL)-3-[2-(6-FLUORO-2-HYDROXY-3-PROPIONYL-PHENYL)-CYCLOPROPYL]-UREA	experimental			
DB07452	2,6-diamino-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental			
DB07453	alpha-Naphthoflavone	experimental			
DB07454	(R)-3-BROMO-2-HYDROXY-2-METHYL-N-[4-NITRO-3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07455	N,N'-[biphenyl-4,4'-diyldi(2R)propane-2,1-diyl]dimethanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07456	3-(1H-indol-3-yl)-4-(1-{2-[(2S)-1-methylpyrrolidinyl]ethyl}-1H-indol-3-yl)-1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione	experimental			
DB07457	3-[1-(3-AMINOPROPYL)-1H-INDOL-3-YL]-4-(1H-INDOL-3-YL)-1H-PYRROLE-2,5-DIONE	experimental			
DB07458	3-(1H-indol-3-yl)-4-{1-[2-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)ethyl]-1H-indol-3-yl}-1H-pyrrole-2,5-dione	experimental			
DB07459	4-PHENOXY-N-(PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHYL)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07460	2-({5-CHLORO-2-[(2-METHOXY-4-MORPHOLIN-4-YLPHENYL)AMINO]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL}AMINO)-N-METHYLBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07461	3-AMINO-3-BENZYL-9-CARBOXAMIDE[4.3.0]BICYCLO-1,6-DIAZANONAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07462	(3,4-DIHYDROXY-2-NITROPHENYL)(PHENYL)METHANONE	experimental			
DB07463	(3R,4S)-1-[(4-amino-5H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)methyl]-4-[(butylsulfanyl)methyl]pyrrolidin-3-ol	experimental			
DB07464	1(R)-1-ACETAMIDO-2-(3-CARBOXY-2-HYDROXYPHENYL)ETHYL BORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07465	(1S,3S,5S)-2-{(2S)-2-amino-2-[(1R,3S,5R,7S)-3-hydroxytricyclo[3.3.1.1~3,7~]dec-1-yl]acetyl}-2-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-3-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB07466	(1R)-2-PHENYLACETAMIDO-2-(3-CARBOXYPHENYL)ETHYL BORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07467	(S)-Indapamide	experimental			
DB07468	(3aS)-3a-hydroxy-5-methyl-1-phenyl-1,2,3,3a-tetrahydro-4H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one	experimental			
DB07469	(3aS)-3a-hydroxy-7-methyl-1-phenyl-1,2,3,3a-tetrahydro-4H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one	experimental			
DB07470	(3aS)-3a-hydroxy-1-phenyl-1,2,3,3a-tetrahydro-4H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one	experimental			
DB07471	5-[5,6-BIS(METHYLOXY)-1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-1-YL]-3-{[1-(2-CHLOROPHENYL)ETHYL]OXY}-2-THIOPHENECARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07472	(R)-(+)9B-(3-METHYL)PHENYL-2,3-DIHYDROTHIAZOLO[2,3-A]ISOINDOL-5(9BH)-ONE	experimental			
DB07473	(R)-(+) 5(9BH)-OXO-9B-PHENYL-2,3-DIHYDROTHIAZOLO[2,3-A]ISOINDOL-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07474	3-[5-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)-7-METHYL-1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-2-YL]-4-[(PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHYL)AMINO]PYRIDIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07476	N-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]-2-MERCAPTOBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07477	Felbinac	experimental			
DB07478	3,4-Biphenyldiol	experimental			
DB07479	(1S)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDRO-BENZO[C]PHENANTHRENE-2,3,4-TRIOL	experimental			
DB07480	4-PHOSPHONOOXY-PHENYL-METHYL-[4-PHOSPHONOOXY]BENZEN	experimental			
DB07481	tert-butyl [(2-amino-4-oxo-4,7-dihydro-3H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl)methyl]carbamate	experimental			
DB07482	(2R)-N-[(2R)-2-(DIHYDROXYBORYL)-1-L-PROLYLPYRROLIDIN-2-YL]-N-[(5R)-5-(DIHYDROXYBORYL)-1-L-PROLYLPYRROLIDIN-2-YL]-L-PROLINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07483	1,1'-BIPHENYL-2-SULFINIC ACID	experimental			
DB07484	(2R)-4,4-dihydroxy-5-nitro-2-(phenylmethyl)pentanoic acid	experimental			
DB07485	Bisphenol Z	experimental			
DB07486	3-({4-[(1E)-3-morpholin-4-yl-3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl]-2,3-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl}sulfanyl)aniline	experimental			
DB07487	(6-METHYL-3,4-DIHYDRO-2H-CHROMEN-2-YL)METHYLPHOSPHINATE	experimental			
DB07488	{4-Amino-2-[(4-methoxyphenyl)amino]-1,3-thiazol-5-yl}(4-methoxyphenyl)methanone	experimental			
DB07489	4-Amino-2-[(3-chlorophenyl)amino]-5-(4-fluorobenzoyl)-1,3-thiazol-3-ium	experimental			
DB07490	2-[1-(4-CHLORO-PHENYL)-ETHYL]-4,6-DINITRO-PHENOL	experimental			
DB07491	5-amino-2,4,6-tribromobenzene-1,3-dicarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07492	Bromamphenicol	experimental			
DB07493	5-Bromoindirubin	experimental			
DB07494	(3-EXO)-3-(10,11-DIHYDRO-5H-DIBENZO[A,D][7]ANNULEN-5-YLOXY)-8,8-DIMETHYL-8-AZONIABICYCLO[3.2.1]OCTANE	experimental			
DB07495	5-(5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-N-ETHYL-4-(4-METHOXYPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOLE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07496	1,3-diphenylurea	experimental			
DB07497	5-(hexahydro-2-oxo-1H-thieno[3,4-D]imidazol-6-yl)pentanal	experimental			
DB07498	4-[3-(3-NITROPHENYL)-1,2,4-OXADIAZOL-5-YL]BUTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07499	N-(4-{[amino(imino)methyl]amino}butyl)-2,4'-bi-1,3-thiazole-4-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07500	(2E)-1-[2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-5-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)phenyl]-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one	experimental			
DB07501	(2S)-1-{4-[(4-Anilino-5-bromo-2-pyrimidinyl)amino]phenoxy}-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07502	4-bromo-6-(6-hydroxy-1,2-benzisoxazol-3-yl)benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB07503	(5E)-5-[(2,2-DIFLUORO-1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YL)METHYLENE]-1,3-THIAZOLIDINE-2,4-DIONE	experimental			
DB07504	(2R)-1-{4-[(4-Anilino-5-bromo-2-pyrimidinyl)amino]phenoxy}-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07505	N-({(3R,4R)-4-[(benzyloxy)methyl]pyrrolidin-3-yl}methyl)-N-(2-methylpropyl)benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07506	L-BENZYLSUCCINIC ACID	experimental			
DB07507	2-(4-hydroxybiphenyl-3-yl)-4-methyl-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione	experimental			
DB07508	4-(5-BENZENESULFONYLAMINO-1-METHYL-1H-BENZOIMIDAZOL-2-YLMETHYL)-BENZAMIDINE	experimental			
DB07509	difluoro(5-{2-[(5-octyl-1H-pyrrol-2-yl-kappaN)methylidene]-2H-pyrrol-5-yl-kappaN}pentanoato)boron	experimental			
DB07510	3-fluoro-6-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-hydroxy-6-oxohexa-2,4-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB07511	4-(4-methyl-1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)benzonitrile	experimental			
DB07512	7-[(3-CHLOROBENZYL)OXY]-2-OXO-2H-CHROMENE-4-CARBALDEHYDE	experimental			
DB07513	7-[(3-CHLOROBENZYL)OXY]-4-[(METHYLAMINO)METHYL]-2H-CHROMEN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07514	3-(2-aminoquinazolin-6-yl)-1-(3,3-dimethylindolin-6-yl)-4-methylpyridin-2(1H)-one	experimental			
DB07515	1-(2-{[(6-amino-2-methylpyridin-3-yl)methyl]amino}ethyl)-6-chloro-3-[(2,2-difluoro-2-pyridin-2-ylethyl)amino]-1,4-dihydropyrazin-2-ol	experimental			
DB07516	(2Z,4E)-3-chloro-2-hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenylhexa-2,4-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB07517	3-CARBOXY-4-METHYL-5-PROPYL-2-FURANPROPIONIC	experimental			
DB07518	(2R)-2-ETHYL-1-HEXANESULFONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07519	(6R)-2-amino-6-[2-(3'-methoxybiphenyl-3-yl)ethyl]-3,6-dimethyl-5,6-dihydropyrimidin-4(3H)-one	experimental			
DB07520	N-[1-(AMINOMETHYL)CYCLOPROPYL]-3-(MORPHOLIN-4-YLSULFONYL)-N~2~-[(1S)-2,2,2-TRIFLUORO-1-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)ETHYL]-L-ALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07521	(3Z,6S)-6-Chloro-1-(2-{[(5-chloro-1-benzothiophen-3-yl)methyl]amino}ethyl)-3-({2-[(2R)-2-piperidinyl]ethyl}imino)-2-piperazinol	experimental			
DB07522	N-[(2R,3S)-3-AMINO-2-HYDROXY-4-PHENYLBUTYL]NAPHTHALENE-2-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07524	N-phenyl-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-amine	experimental			
DB07525	3-(3-methoxybenzyl)-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridine	experimental			
DB07526	N-[4-({[5-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-1-NAPHTHYL]SULFONYL}AMINO)BUTYL]-3-SULFANYLPROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07527	N-[(2R,3S)-3-AMINO-2-HYDROXY-4-PHENYLBUTYL]-4-METHOXY-2,3,6-TRIMETHYLBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07528	3-(2-aminoquinazolin-6-yl)-4-methyl-1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]pyridin-2(1H)-one	experimental			
DB07529	(5E)-2-Amino-5-(2-pyridinylmethylene)-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB07530	(1R,3R)-5-[(2E)-3-{(1S,3R)-2,2,3-trimethyl-3-[6,6,6-trifluoro-5-hydroxy-5-(trifluoromethyl)hex-3-yn-1-yl]cyclopentyl}prop-2-en-1-ylidene]cyclohexane-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB07531	4-{5-[(Z)-(2,4-DIOXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)METHYL]FURAN-2-YL}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07532	N-hexanoyl-L-homoserine	experimental			
DB07533	4-{5-[(Z)-(2-IMINO-4-OXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)METHYL]-2-FURYL}-N-METHYLBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07534	4-{5-[(Z)-(2-IMINO-4-OXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)METHYL]FURAN-2-YL}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07535	2-amino-6-[2-(1H-indol-6-yl)ethyl]pyrimidin-4(3H)-one	experimental			
DB07536	N-{(1S,2R)-2-hydroxy-1-[(hydroxyamino)carbonyl]propyl}-4-{[4-(morpholin-4-ylmethyl)phenyl]ethynyl}benzamide	experimental			
DB07537	N'-(6-aminopyridin-3-yl)-N-(2-cyclopentylethyl)-4-methyl-benzene-1,3-dicarboxamide	experimental			
DB07538	4-{5-[(Z)-(2-IMINO-4-OXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)METHYL]FURAN-2-YL}-2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07539	4-{5-[(Z)-(2-IMINO-4-OXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)METHYL]FURAN-2-YL}BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07540	4-{5-[(1Z)-1-(2-IMINO-4-OXO-1,3-THIAZOLIDIN-5-YLIDENE)ETHYL]-2-FURYL}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07541	4-(dihydroxyboranyl)-2-({[4-(phenylsulfonyl)thiophen-2-yl]sulfonyl}amino)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07542	5-AMINO-6-CYCLOHEXYL-4-HYDROXY-2-ISOBUTYL-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07543	(S)-carazolol	experimental			
DB07544	N'-(5-CHLOROBENZOFURAN-2-CARBONYL)-2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZENESULFONOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB07545	N-{3-[(4-{[3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]AMINO}PYRIMIDIN-2-YL)AMINO]PHENYL}CYCLOPROPANECARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07546	[1-(6-{6-[(1-methylethyl)amino]-1H-indazol-1-yl}pyrazin-2-yl)-1H-pyrrol-3-yl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB07547	5-(4-CYANOPHENYL)-3-{[(2-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07548	2-(6-CHLORO-3-{[2,2-DIFLUORO-2-(2-PYRIDINYL)ETHYL]AMINO}-2-OXO-1(2H)-PYRAZINYL)-N-[(2-FLUORO-6-PYRIDINYL)METHYL]ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07549	2-(6-CHLORO-3-{[2,2-DIFLUORO-2-(2-PYRIDINYL)ETHYL]AMINO}-2-OXO-1(2H)-PYRAZINYL)-N-[(2-FLUORO-3-METHYL-6-PYRIDINYL)METHYL]ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07550	2-(6-CHLORO-3-{[2,2-DIFLUORO-2-(1-OXIDO-2-PYRIDINYL)ETHYL]AMINO}-2-OXO-1(2H)-PYRAZINYL)-N-[(2-FLUOROPHENYL)METHYL]ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07551	(2S)-2-{[4-chloro-6-(ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino}-2-methylbutanenitrile	experimental			
DB07552	(2R)-2-{[4-chloro-6-(ethylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]amino}-2-methylbutanenitrile	experimental			
DB07553	9,9,9-TRIFLUORO-8-OXO-N-PHENYLNONANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07555	Hydroxy(oxo)(2-{(1S)-2,2,2-trifluoro-1-[2-(trimethylarsonio)ethoxy]ethyl}phenyl)ammonium	experimental			
DB07556	CGS-27023	experimental			
DB07557	3,20-Pregnanedione	experimental			
DB07558	acetylleucyl-leucyl-norleucinal	experimental			
DB07559	(2Z)-2-cyano-N-(2,2'-dichlorobiphenyl-4-yl)-3-hydroxybut-2-enamide	experimental			
DB07560	N-[(1S)-2-methyl-1-(pyridin-4-ylcarbamoyl)propyl]cyclohexanecarboxamide	experimental			
DB07561	(2Z)-2-cyano-N-(3'-ethoxybiphenyl-4-yl)-3-hydroxybut-2-enamide	experimental			
DB07562	N-[4-(2,4-DIMETHYL-THIAZOL-5-YL)-PYRIMIDIN-2-YL]-N',N'-DIMETHYL-BENZENE-1,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07563	1-{7-cyclohexyl-6-[4-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)benzyl]-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-2-yl}methanamine	experimental			
DB07564	6-amino-2-[(2-morpholin-4-ylethyl)amino]-3,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental			
DB07565	Chloramphenicol succinate	approved	Chloramphenicol succinate is an ester prodrug of [chloramphenicol].[A192987] Chloramphenicol is a bacteriostatic antibiotic.[A204065] Use of chloramphenicol succinate and chloramphenicol has decreased due to the risk of potentially fatal blood dyscrasias.[L14174]Chloramphenicol succinate was granted FDA approval on 20 February 1959.[L12711]		
DB07567	(2R,3R,4S)-3-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-4-METHYL-2-[4-(2-PYRROLIDIN-1-YLETHOXY)PHENYL]CHROMAN-6-OL	experimental			
DB07568	(2S)-2-[(2,1,3-BENZOTHIADIAZOL-4-YLSULFONYL)AMINO]-2-PHENYL-N-PYRIDIN-4-YLACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07569	CIS-4-METHYL-N-[(1S)-3-(METHYLSULFANYL)-1-(PYRIDIN-4-YLCARBAMOYL)PROPYL]CYCLOHEXANECARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07570	3-CYCLOHEXYL-1-(2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL)-2-PHENYL-1H-INDOLE-6-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07571	N~2~-[(BENZYLOXY)CARBONYL]-N-[(1S,2S)-2-HYDROXY-1-(4-HYDROXYBENZYL)PROPYL]-L-LEUCINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07572	3-{[(4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]amino}propyl pyridin-4-ylcarbamate	experimental			
DB07573	(2S)-1-(2,5-dimethylphenoxy)-3-morpholin-4-ylpropan-2-ol	experimental			
DB07574	2-MERCAPTO-N-[1,2,3,10-TETRAMETHOXY-9-OXO-5,6,7,9-TETRAHYDRO-BENZO[A]HEPTALEN-7-YL]ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07575	2,4-DIAMINO-1,5-DIPHENYL-3-HYDROXYPENTANE	experimental			
DB07577	2,4-Diamino-5-phenyl-6-ethylpyrimidine	experimental			
DB07578	CP-94707	experimental			
DB07579	Bis-1,2-{[(Z)-2-carboxy-2-methyl-1,3-dioxane]-5-yloxycarbamoyl}-ethane	experimental			
DB07580	BIS-1,2-{[(Z)-2CARBOXY-2-METHYL-1,3-DIOXANE]-5-YLOXYCARBONYL}-PIPERAZINE	experimental			
DB07581	5-AMINO-6-CYCLOHEXYL-4-HYDROXY-2-ISOPROPYL-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07582	N-[(2R,3S)-1-((2S)-2-{[(CYCLOPENTYLAMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}-3-METHYLBUTANOYL)-2-(1-FORMYL-1-CYCLOBUTYL)PYRROLIDINYL]CYCLOPROPANECARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07583	(4R,2S)-5'-(4-(4-CHLOROBENZYLOXY)PYRROLIDIN-2-YLMETHANESULFONYL)ISOQUINOLINE	experimental			
DB07584	N-[2-(5-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)phenyl]-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine	experimental			
DB07585	5-(5-chloro-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-imidazo[4,5-c]pyridine	experimental			
DB07586	5-(4-METHYL-BENZOYLAMINO)-BIPHENYL-3,4'-DICARBOXYLIC ACID 3-DIMETHYLAMIDE-4'-HYDROXYAMIDE	experimental			
DB07587	N-(1-CYANOCYCLOPROPYL)-3-({[(2S)-5-OXOPYRROLIDIN-2-YL]METHYL}SULFONYL)-N~2~-[(1S)-2,2,2-TRIFLUORO-1-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)ETHYL]-L-ALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07588	3,4-DI-1H-INDOL-3-YL-1H-PYRROLE-2,5-DICARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07589	N-[1-(AMINOMETHYL)CYCLOPROPYL]-3-(BENZYLSULFONYL)-N~2~-[(1S)-2,2,2-TRIFLUORO-1-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)ETHYL]-L-ALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07590	S-[3-(3,4-DICHLOROPHENYL)-3-OXOPROPYL]-L-CYSTEINE	experimental			
DB07591	N1-CYCLOPENTYL-N2-(THIAZOL-2-YL)OXALAMIDE	experimental			
DB07592	(2R)-3-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-butanyl [(2S)-1-oxo-2-hexanyl]carbamate	experimental			
DB07593	1-(PHENYLMETHYL)CYCLOPENTYL[(1S)-1-FORMYLPENTYL]CARBAMATE	experimental			
DB07594	CCT-018159	experimental			
DB07595	(5Z)-5-(3-BROMOCYCLOHEXA-2,5-DIEN-1-YLIDENE)-N-(PYRIDIN-4-YLMETHYL)-1,5-DIHYDROPYRAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDIN-7-AMINE	experimental			
DB07596	(17beta)-17-(cyanomethyl)-2-methoxyestra-1(10),2,4-trien-3-yl sulfamate	experimental			
DB07597	CIS-(1R,2S)-2-AMINO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDRONAPHTHALEN-1-OL	experimental			
DB07598	2,3,6A,7,8,9-HEXAHYDRO-11H-[1,4]DIOXINO[2,3-G]PYRROLO[2,1-B][1,3]BENZOXAZIN-11-ONE	experimental			
DB07599	[(2-AMINO-ALPHA-METHOXYIMINO-4-THIAZOLYLACETYL)AMINO]METHYLBORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07601	4-chloro-6-{5-[(2-morpholin-4-ylethyl)amino]-1,2-benzisoxazol-3-yl}benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB07602	S-{3-[(4-ANILINOQUINAZOLIN-6-YL)AMINO]-3-OXOPROPYL}-L-CYSTEINE	experimental			
DB07603	N-hexanoyl-L-homocysteine	experimental			
DB07604	(6AR,11AS,11BR)-10-ACETYL-9-HYDROXY-7,7-DIMETHYL-2,6,6A,7,11A,11B-HEXAHYDRO-11H-PYRROLO[1',2':2,3]ISOINDOLO[4,5,6-CD]INDOL-11-ONE	experimental			
DB07605	2-({4-[(5-CHLORO-1H-INDOL-2-YL)SULFONYL]PIPERAZIN-1-YL}CARBONYL)THIENO[3,2-B]PYRIDINE 4-OXIDE	experimental			
DB07606	6-(3,4-DIHYDROXYBENZYL)-3-ETHYL-1-(2,4,6-TRICHLOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-D]PYRIMIDIN-4(5H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07607	4-[5-(3-IODO-PHENYL)-2-(4-METHANESULFINYL-PHENYL)-1H-IMIDAZOL-4-YL]-PYRIDINE	experimental			
DB07608	N-(5-{[(2S)-4-amino-2-(3-chlorophenyl)butanoyl]amino}-1H-indazol-3-yl)benzamide	experimental			
DB07609	N,N-DIMETHYL(5-(PYRIDIN-3-YL)FURAN-2-YL)METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07610	1,2-Dihydroxynaphthalene	experimental			
DB07611	DECANE-1-THIOL	experimental			
DB07612	6-(3-AMINOPHENYL)-N-(TERT-BUTYL)-2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)QUINAZOLIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07613	3-phenyl-5-(1H-pyrazol-3-yl)isoxazole	experimental			
DB07614	PHENYL-5-(1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-1,3-THIAZOLE	experimental			
DB07615	Tranilast	investigational	Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. In 1982, it was approved in Japan and South Korea for the management of bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.		
DB07616	4-{[4-(4-fluoro-3-methylphenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]amino}-2-hydroxybenzoic acid	experimental			
DB07617	N-METHYL(5-(PYRIDIN-3-YL)FURAN-2-YL)METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07618	2-(4-(AMINOMETHYL)PIPERIDIN-1-YL)-N-(3_CYCLOHEXYL-4-OXO-2,4-DIHYDROINDENO[1,2-C]PYRAZOL-5-YL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07619	N-cyclopropyl-N-(trans-4-pyridin-3-ylcyclohexyl)-4-[(1S)-2,2,2-trifluoro-1-hydroxy-1-methylethyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07620	2-[(2,4-DICHLORO-5-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]-1,3-DINITRO-5-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZENE	experimental			
DB07621	(5-(PYRIDIN-3-YL)FURAN-2-YL)METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07622	1-(3-(2,4-DIMETHYLTHIAZOL-5-YL)-4-OXO-2,4-DIHYDROINDENO[1,2-C]PYRAZOL-5-YL)-3-(4-METHYLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)UREA	experimental			
DB07623	4,4'-DIPYRIDYL DISULFIDE	experimental			
DB07624	1-{[(3R)-3-methyl-4-({4-[(1S)-2,2,2-trifluoro-1-hydroxy-1-methylethyl]phenyl}sulfonyl)piperazin-1-yl]methyl}cyclopropanecarboxamide	experimental			
DB07625	4-(2-aminoethoxy)-N-(2,5-diethoxyphenyl)-3,5-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB07626	4-(2-aminoethoxy)-N-(3-chloro-2-ethoxy-5-piperidin-1-ylphenyl)-3,5-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB07627	(2S)-4-METHYL-2-(3-PHENYLTHIOUREIDO)-N-((3S)-TETRAHYDRO-2-HYDROXY-3-FURANYL)PENTANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07628	6-(2-fluorobenzyl)-2,4-dimethyl-4,6-dihydro-5H-thieno[2',3':4,5]pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyridazin-5-one	experimental			
DB07629	N-((1R,2S)-2-(5-CHLORO-1H-INDOLE-2-CARBOXAMIDO)CYCLOHEXYL)-5-METHYL-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDROTHIAZOLO[5,4-C]PYRIDINE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07630	N-((1R,2R)-2-(5-CHLORO-1H-INDOLE-2-CARBOXAMIDO)CYCLOHEXYL)-5-METHYL-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDROTHIAZOLO[5,4-C]PYRIDINE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07631	Lauryldimethylbetaine	experimental			
DB07632	5-(2-chlorophenyl)-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB07633	octyl 3-deoxy-2-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-galactopyranosyl)-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranoside	experimental			
DB07634	(2,6-Dimethylphenoxy)acetic acid	experimental			
DB07635	4,4'-Dihydroxybenzophenone	experimental			
DB07636	5-Heptyl-6-hydroxy-1,3-benzothiazole-4,7-dione	experimental			
DB07637	Dibromotyrosine	experimental			
DB07638	(3AS,4R,9BR)-2,2-DIFLUORO-4-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1,2,3,3A,4,9B-HEXAHYDROCYCLOPENTA[C]CHROMEN-8-OL	experimental			
DB07639	3-(7-DIAMINOMETHYL-NAPHTHALEN-2-YL)-PROPIONIC ACID ETHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07640	2-decyl-5,6-dimethoxy-3-methylcyclohexa-2,5-diene-1,4-dione	experimental			
DB07641	Decyl(dimethyl)phosphine oxide	experimental			
DB07642	5-{[1-(2-fluorobenzyl)piperidin-4-yl]methoxy}quinazoline-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07643	5-{[1-(2,3-dichlorobenzyl)piperidin-4-yl]methoxy}quinazoline-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07644	5-[(1S)-1-(3-chlorophenyl)ethoxy]quinazoline-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB07645	Sebacic acid	experimental			
DB07646	UNDECYLAMINE-N,N-DIMETHYL-N-OXIDE	experimental			
DB07647	(2R)-1-[(5,6-DIPHENYL-7H-PYRROLO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL)AMINO]PROPAN-2-OL	experimental			
DB07648	(2R)-3-{[(4Z)-5,6-DIPHENYL-6,7-DIHYDRO-4H-PYRROLO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YLIDENE]AMINO}PROPANE-1,2-DIOL	experimental			
DB07649	(3R,4S)-1-[(4-amino-5H-pyrrolo[3,2-d]pyrimidin-7-yl)methyl]-4-[(benzylsulfanyl)methyl]pyrrolidin-3-ol	experimental			
DB07650	Decyl formate	experimental			
DB07651	N-ACETYL-L-PHENYLALANYL-4-[DIFLUORO(PHOSPHONO)METHYL]-L-PHENYLALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07652	1-[2-DEOXYRIBOFURANOSYL]-2,4-DIFLUORO-5-METHYL-BENZENE-5'MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07653	N-(5,6-DIPHENYLFURO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL)GLYCINE	experimental			
DB07654	(5,6-DIPHENYL-FURO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YLAMINO)-ACETIC	experimental			
DB07655	3-AMINO-3-BENZYL-[4.3.0]BICYCLO-1,6-DIAZANONAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07657	PHOSPHONIC ACID 2-DODECANOYLAMINO-HEXYL ESTER PROPYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07658	AC-(D)Phe-pro-borolys-OH	experimental			
DB07659	AC-(D)PHE-PRO-BOROHOMOLYS-OH	experimental			
DB07660	AC-(D)PHE-PRO-BOROHOMOORNITHINE-OH	experimental			
DB07661	1,6-Naphthalenediol	experimental			
DB07662	PD-168393	experimental	PD-168393 is an epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor.		
DB07663	2-[(1R)-1-CARBOXY-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)ETHYL]-1,3-DIOXOISOINDOLINE-5-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07664	K-00546	experimental			
DB07665	N-[2-(carbamimidamidooxy)ethyl]-2-{6-cyano-3-[(2,2-difluoro-2-pyridin-2-ylethyl)amino]-2-fluorophenyl}acetamide	experimental			
DB07666	(3R,4S)-1-{6-[3-(METHYLSULFONYL)PHENYL]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL}-4-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)PYRROLIDIN-3-AMINE	experimental			
DB07667	2-((3',5'-DIMETHYL-4'-HYDROXYPHENYL)AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07668	alpha-Methyl-2-hydroxy-4-diethylaminocinnamic acid	experimental			
DB07669	2,3-Dimethyl-1,4-naphthoquinone	experimental			
DB07670	N,4-Dimethyl-N-(1-phenyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB07671	2-[1-METHYLHEXYL]-4,6-DINITROPHENOL	experimental			
DB07672	TRANS-2-(DIMETHYLPHENYLSILYL)-PIPERIDINE-N-OXIDE	experimental			
DB07673	(2S)-2-Methyl-3-phenylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB07674	O,O-DIETHYL HYDROGEN THIOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07675	(2S)-2-ETHOXY-3-{4-[2-(10H-PHENOXAZIN-10-YL)ETHOXY]PHENYL}PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07676	3-({[(3S)-3,4-dihydroxybutyl]oxy}amino)-1H,2'H-2,3'-biindol-2'-one	experimental			
DB07677	2-methyl-3,5,7,8-tetrahydro-4H-thiopyrano[4,3-d]pyrimidin-4-one	experimental			
DB07678	(9ALPHA,13BETA,17BETA)-2-[(1Z)-BUT-1-EN-1-YL]ESTRA-1,3,5(10)-TRIENE-3,17-DIOL	experimental			
DB07679	(9S,12S)-9-(1-methylethyl)-7,10-dioxo-2-oxa-8,11-diazabicyclo[12.2.2]octadeca-1(16),14,17-triene-12-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07680	[(1S)-1-(5-CHLORO-1-BENZOTHIEN-3-YL)-2-(2-NAPHTHYLAMINO)-2-OXOETHYL]PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07681	DODECANESULFONATE ION	experimental			
DB07683	N-(dibenzo[b,d]thiophen-3-ylsulfonyl)-L-valine	experimental			
DB07684	5-(DIMETHYLAMINO)-2-NAPHTHALENESULFONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07685	4-{[5-(CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY)[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDIN-7-YL]AMINO}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07686	4-{[5-(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDIN-7-YL]AMINO}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07687	4-({5-[(4-AMINOCYCLOHEXYL)AMINO][1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDIN-7-YL}AMINO)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07688	4-{[5-(CYCLOHEXYLOXY)[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDIN-7-YL]AMINO}BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07689	METHYL 1-(4-{[(2,4-DIAMINOPTERIDIN-6-YL)METHYL]AMINO}BENZOYL)PIPERIDINE-4-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07691	2-({[3-(3,4-dihydroisoquinolin-2(1H)-ylsulfonyl)phenyl]carbonyl}amino)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07692	1-[(2,6-difluorophenyl)sulfonyl]-4-(2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-6-ylsulfonyl)piperazine	experimental			
DB07693	N-(3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)-2,6-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB07694	2,5-dichloro-N-(3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)benzamide	experimental			
DB07695	N-(3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB07696	methyl (3S)-3-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-4-oxopentanoate	experimental			
DB07697	1-(2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-6-ylsulfonyl)-4-[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]piperazine	experimental			
DB07698	3-(3-aminophenyl)-N-(3-chlorophenyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-5-amine	experimental			
DB07700	3-carboxamido-1,3,5(10)-estratrien-17(R)-spiro-2'(5',5'-dimethyl-6'oxo)tetrahydropyran	experimental			
DB07701	1-BENZYL-4-[(5,6-DIMETHOXY-1-INDANON-2-YL)METHYL]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07702	17alpha-Estriol	experimental			
DB07703	(3R,4S,5S,7R,9E,11R,12R)-12-ETHYL-4-HYDROXY-3,5,7,11-TETRAMETHYLOXACYCLODODEC-9-ENE-2,8-DIONE	experimental			
DB07704	6-AMINO-4-[2-(4-METHOXYPHENYL)ETHYL]-1,7-DIHYDRO-8H-IMIDAZO[4,5-G]QUINAZOLIN-8-ONE	experimental			
DB07705	(S)-econazole	experimental			
DB07706	2-Hydroxyestradiol	experimental	2-Hydroxyestradiol is classified as an endogenous steroid, catechol estrogen, and metabolite of estradiol. It is also a positional isomer of estriol. [A31630]		
DB07707	(9BETA,11ALPHA,13ALPHA,14BETA,17ALPHA)-11-(METHOXYMETHYL)ESTRA-1(10),2,4-TRIENE-3,17-DIOL	experimental			
DB07708	3-CHLORO-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-2H-INDAZOL-5-OL	experimental			
DB07710	PHENYLALANYLAMINODI(ETHYLOXY)ETHYL BENZENESULFONAMIDEAMINOCARBONYLBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07711	(2S,3R)-3-(6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)nonan-2-ol	experimental			
DB07712	3-ETHYL-2-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-2H-INDAZOL-5-OL	experimental			
DB07713	(1S)-1-{[(4'-methoxy-1,1'-biphenyl-4-yl)sulfonyl]amino}-2-methylpropylphosphonic acid	experimental			
DB07714	6-(3-METHYL-1,4-DIOXO-1,4-DIHYDRONAPHTHALEN-2-YL)HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07715	Emodin	investigational	Emodin has been investigated for the treatment of Polycystic Kidney.		
DB07716	(4Z)-2,8:7,12:11,15:14,18:17,22-PENTAANHYDRO-4,5,6,9,10,13,19,20,21-NONADEOXY-D-ARABINO-D-ALLO-D-ALLO-DOCOSA-4,9,20-TRIENITOL	experimental			
DB07717	(5S,8R,9S,10S,13R,14S,17S)-13-{2-[(3,5-DIFLUOROBENZYL)OXY]ETHYL}-17-HYDROXY-10-METHYLHEXADECAHYDRO-3H-CYCLOPENTA[A]PHENANTHREN-3-ONE	experimental			
DB07718	4-Hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid	experimental		Phenylketonuria,Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type I,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Disulfiram Action Pathway,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome),Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB07719	[(3R)-3-(Methylcarbamoyl)-2-{[(2-methyl-2-propanyl)oxy]carbonyl}-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-7-isoquinolinyl]sulfamic acid	experimental			
DB07720	Epibatidine	experimental			
DB07721	DIETHYL 4-METHOXYPHENYL PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07722	3-(4-NITRO-PHENOXY)-PROPAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB07723	3-(5-methoxy-1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07724	Indeglitazar	experimental			
DB07726	t-Butylhydroquinone	experimental			
DB07728	2-[2-(2-FLUOROPHENYL)PYRIDIN-4-YL]-1,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-4H-PYRROLO[3,2-C]PYRIDIN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB07729	3-fluoro-N-[3-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)phenyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB07730	5-(3-HYDROXYPHENYL)ISOTHIAZOL-3(2H)-ONE 1,1-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB07731	CAN-508	experimental			
DB07732	2-[(2-NAPHTHYLSULFONYL)AMINO]ETHYL DIHYDROGEN PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07733	1-METHYL-3-TRIFLUOROMETHYL-1H-THIENO[2,3-C]PYRAZOLE-5-CARBOXYLIC ACID (2-MERCAPTO-ETHYL)-AMIDE	experimental			
DB07734	N-(1-benzylpiperidin-4-yl)-4-sulfanylbutanamide	experimental			
DB07735	N-[1-(2,6-dimethoxybenzyl)piperidin-4-yl]-4-sulfanylbutanamide	experimental			
DB07736	(2S)-4-(4-fluorobenzyl)-N-(2-sulfanylethyl)piperazine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07737	(2S)-4-(4-fluorobenzyl)-N-(3-sulfanylpropyl)piperazine-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07738	N-[1-(5-bromo-2,3-dimethoxybenzyl)piperidin-4-yl]-4-sulfanylbutanamide	experimental			
DB07739	(3R)-3-(FLUOROMETHYL)-7-(THIOMORPHOLIN-4-YLSULFONYL)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLINE	experimental			
DB07740	(7R,12R,13R)-13-formyl-12,14-dihydroxy-3,5,7-trimethyltetradeca-2,4-dienoic acid	experimental			
DB07741	4-(1R,3AS,4R,8AS,8BR)-[1-DIFLUOROMETHYL-2-(4-FLUOROBENZYL)-3-OXODECAHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-A]PYRROLIZIN-4-YL]BENZAMIDINE	experimental			
DB07742	N-(2,3-DIFLUORO-BENZYL)-4-SULFAMOYL-BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07743	S-[5-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)-4H-1,2,4-TRIAZOL-3-YL] 5-(PHENYLETHYNYL)FURAN-2-CARBOTHIOATE	experimental			
DB07744	Z-Val-Ala-Asp fluoromethyl ketone	experimental	Non-methylated, competitive, and irreversible inhibitor of caspase 1, as well as other caspases,1 which can be used directly with purified enzymes. It does not require an esterase to hydrolyze the O-methyl ester like the cell-permeable form, Z-Val-Ala-Asp(O-Me) fluoromethyl ketone.		
DB07745	2-{[4-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)BENZOYL]AMINO}ETHYL DIHYDROGEN PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07746	3-ETHYL-6-{[(4-FLUOROPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}-2-METHYLBENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07747	(3R)-N-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-3-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLINE-7-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07748	2-({[4-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)PHENYL]SULFONYL}AMINO)ETHYL DIHYDROGEN PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07749	2-ACETYLAMINO-4-METHYL-PENTANOIC ACID (1-FORMYL-2-PHENYL-ETHYL)-AMIDE	experimental			
DB07750	(2R)-1-[4-({4-[(2,5-Dichlorophenyl)amino]-2-pyrimidinyl}amino)phenoxy]-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07751	(2S)-1-[4-({6-[(2,6-Difluorophenyl)amino]-4-pyrimidinyl}amino)phenoxy]-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07753	3',5'-DIFLUOROBIPHENYL-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07754	DCFBC	experimental			
DB07755	(2S)-1-[4-({4-[(2,5-Dichlorophenyl)amino]-2-pyrimidinyl}amino)phenoxy]-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07756	1-[3-({[(4-AMINO-5-FLUORO-2-METHYLQUINOLIN-3-YL)METHYL]THIO}METHYL)PHENYL]-2,2,2-TRIFLUOROETHANE-1,1-DIOL	experimental			
DB07757	(9aS)-4-bromo-9a-butyl-7-hydroxy-1,2,9,9a-tetrahydro-3H-fluoren-3-one	experimental			
DB07758	5-(2,5-DICHLOROPHENYL)-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07759	5-[2-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]-2-FUROIC ACID	experimental			
DB07760	3-[(1E,7E)-8-(2,6-dioxo-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyrimidin-4-yl)-3,6-dioxa-2,7-diazaocta-1,7-dien-1-yl]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB07761	(2R)-1-[4-({6-[(2,6-Difluorophenyl)amino]-4-pyrimidinyl}amino)phenoxy]-3-(dimethylamino)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07762	4-(N-ACETYLAMINO)-3-[N-(2-ETHYLBUTANOYLAMINO)]BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07763	(5S)-3-ANILINO-5-(2,4-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-5-METHYL-1,3-OXAZOLIDINE-2,4-DIONE	experimental			
DB07764	Fluorescin	experimental			
DB07765	METHYL 1-(4-{[(2,4-DIAMINOPTERIDIN-6-YL)METHYL](METHYL)AMINO}BENZOYL)PIPERIDINE-4-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB07766	(2Z,3E)-2,3'-biindole-2',3(1H,1'H)-dione 3-{O-[(3R)-3,4-dihydroxybutyl]oxime}	experimental			
DB07767	Ferulic acid	experimental			
DB07768	Epitestosterone	experimental	Epitestosterone is the 17-alpha isomer of testosterone, derived from pregnenolone via the delta5-steroid pathway, and via 5-androstene-3-beta,17-alpha-diol. Epitestosterone acts as an antiandrogen in various target tissues. The ratio between testosterone/epitestosterone is used to monitor anabolic drug abuse.		
DB07769	S-3-(4-FLUOROPHENOXY)-2-HYDROXY-2-METHYL-N-[4-NITRO-3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07770	5-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-3-{[(4-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07771	[(3,7,11-TRIMETHYL-DODECA-2,6,10-TRIENYLOXYCARBAMOYL)-METHYL]-PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07772	(1R)-1-{[(4'-methoxy-1,1'-biphenyl-4-yl)sulfonyl]amino}-2-methylpropylphosphonic acid	experimental			
DB07773	5-FLUOROINDOLE PROPANOL PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07775	3',5'-DIBROMO-2',4,4',6'-TETRAHYDROXY AURONE	experimental			
DB07776	Flavone	approved,experimental			
DB07778	(S)-famoxadone	experimental			
DB07779	N-({(2S)-1-[(3R)-3-AMINO-4-(2-FLUOROPHENYL)BUTANOYL]PYRROLIDIN-2-YL}METHYL)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07780	Farnesyl diphosphate	experimental		Lovastatin Action Pathway,Cerivastatin Action Pathway,Hypercholesterolemia,Hereditary Coproporphyria (HCP),Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (CEP) or Gunther Disease,Chondrodysplasia Punctata II, X-Linked Dominant (CDPX2),Smith-Lemli-Opitz Syndrome (SLOS),Mevalonic Aciduria,Porphyrin Metabolism,Simvastatin Action Pathway,Pravastatin Action Pathway,Rosuvastatin Action Pathway,Zoledronate Action Pathway,Pamidronate Action Pathway,Fluvastatin Action Pathway,Lysosomal Acid Lipase Deficiency (Wolman Disease),Cholesteryl Ester Storage Disease,Steroid Biosynthesis,Ibandronate Action Pathway,Alendronate Action Pathway,Risedronate Action Pathway,Atorvastatin Action Pathway,Acute Intermittent Porphyria,Porphyria Variegata (PV),Desmosterolosis,CHILD Syndrome,Hyper-IgD Syndrome,Wolman Disease	
DB07781	N-[[3-FLUORO-4-ETHOXY-PYRID-2-YL]ETHYL]-N'-[5-NITRILOMETHYL-PYRIDYL]-THIOUREA	experimental			
DB07782	4-AMINO-2-TRIFLUOROMETHYL-5-HYDROXYMETHYLPYRIMIDINE PYROPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB07783	1-((1R)-1-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-3-{6-[(3-PHENYLPROPANOYL)AMINO]-1H-INDOL-1-YL}PROPYL)-1H-IMIDAZOLE-4-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07784	[4-(4-ACETYLAMINO-PHENYL)-3,5-DIOXO-4-AZA-TRICYCLO[5.2.2.0 2,6]UNDEC-1-YLCARBAMOYLOXY]-ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07785	1-{(1R,2S)-2-HYDROXY-1-[2-(2-NAPHTHYLOXY)ETHYL]PROPYL}-1H-IMIDAZONE-4-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07786	1-((1R,2S)-1-{2-[2-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-1,3-BENZOXAZOL-7-YL]ETHYL}-2-HYDROXYPROPYL)-1H-IMIDAZOLE-4-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07787	5-FLUORO-1-[4-(4-PHENYL-3,6-DIHYDROPYRIDIN-1(2H)-YL)BUTYL]QUINAZOLINE-2,4(1H,3H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07788	(3R,5Z,8S,9S,11E)-8,9,16-TRIHYDROXY-14-METHOXY-3-METHYL-3,4,9,10-TETRAHYDRO-1H-2-BENZOXACYCLOTETRADECINE-1,7(8H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07789	1-[5-Methyl-2-(trifluoromethyl)furan-3-yl]-3-[5-[2-[[6-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-5-ylamino)pyrimidin-4-yl]amino]ethyl]-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]urea	experimental			
DB07790	N-(2-METHOXYETHYL)-4-({4-[2-METHYL-1-(1-METHYLETHYL)-1H-IMIDAZOL-5-YL]PYRIMIDIN-2-YL}AMINO)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07791	4-{[4-(1-CYCLOPROPYL-2-METHYL-1H-IMIDAZOL-5-YL)PYRIMIDIN-2-YL]AMINO}-N-METHYLBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07792	(S)-2-CHLORO-N-(1-(2-(2-HYDROXYETHYLAMINO)-2-OXOETHYL)-2-OXO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROQUINOLIN-3-YL)-6H-THIENO[2,3-B]PYRROLE-5-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07793	(2S)-N-[(3S)-1-(2-AMINO-2-OXOETHYL)-2-OXO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROQUINOLIN-3-YL]-2-CHLORO-2H-THIENO[2,3-B]PYRROLE-5-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07794	5-(2-PHENYLPYRAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIDIN-3-YL)-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-C]PYRIDAZIN-3-AMINE	experimental			
DB07795	Fisetin	experimental			
DB07796	(3ASR,4RS,8ASR,8BRS)-4-(2-(4-FLUOROBENZYL)-1,3-DIOXODEACAHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-A] PYRROLIZIN-4-YL)BENZAMIDINE	experimental			
DB07797	N-[[3-FLUORO-4-ETHOXY-PYRID-2-YL]ETHYL]-N'-[5-CHLORO-PYRIDYL]-THIOUREA	experimental			
DB07798	(3R)-3-(FLUOROMETHYL)-N-(3,3,3-TRIFLUOROPROPYL)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLINE-7-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07800	N-(2-(((5-CHLORO-2-PYRIDINYL)AMINO)SULFONYL)PHENYL)-4-(2-OXO-1(2H)-PYRIDINYL)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07801	N-butyl-3-{[6-(9H-purin-6-ylamino)hexanoyl]amino}benzamide	experimental			
DB07802	3,8-DIBROMO-7-HYDROXY-4-METHYL-2H-CHROMEN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07803	2-phenyl-1H-imidazole-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07804	5-(5-CHLORO-2-THIENYL)-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL]-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL}-1H-1,2,4-TRIAZOLE-3-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07805	3-CHLORO-2,2-DIMETHYL-N-[4-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07806	(2R,4S)-2-[(R)-BENZYLCARBAMOYL-PHENYLACETYL-METHYL]-5,5-DIMETHYL-THIAZOLIDINE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07807	(3R,4R,5R)-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-1-(3-PHENYLPROPYL)PIPERIDINE-3,4-DIOL	experimental			
DB07808	(1S,2R)-2-[(2,5-difluorophenyl)carbamoyl]cyclopropanecarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07809	4-({[4-(3-METHYLBENZOYL)PYRIDIN-2-YL]AMINO}METHYL)BENZENECARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB07810	Phloretin	experimental	Phloretin is a natural dihydrochalcone found in apples and many other fruits.		
DB07811	N-cyclopropyl-2',6-dimethyl-4'-(5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)biphenyl-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07812	N-[(1S)-2-amino-1-phenylethyl]-5-(1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-4-yl)thiophene-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07813	GLYCYLALANYL-N-2-NAPHTHYL-L-PROLINEAMIDE	experimental			
DB07814	Gibberellic acid	experimental			
DB07815	Gibberellin A4	experimental			
DB07816	N-(P-CYANOPHENYL)-N'-DIPHENYLMETHYL-GUANIDINE-ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07817	1-{3-[(4-pyridin-2-ylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]phenyl}-3-(1,3-thiazol-2-yl)urea	experimental			
DB07818	(2E)-3-(2,4-DICHLOROPHENYL)-N-HYDROXYACRYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB07819	(2E)-3-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-N-HYDROXYACRYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB07820	6-(3',5'-DIMETHYLBENZYL)-1-ETHOXYMETHYL-5-ISOPROPYLURACIL	experimental			
DB07821	(1R)-1,2,2-trimethylpropyl (R)-methylphosphinate	experimental			
DB07823	(2S)-2-[(3aR,4R,7S,7aS)-1,3-dioxooctahydro-2H-4,7-methanoisoindol-2-yl]propanoic acid	experimental			
DB07824	4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-1,2-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one	experimental			
DB07825	(3S)-1-(4-acetylphenyl)-5-oxopyrrolidine-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07826	2-[4-chloro-2-(phenylcarbonyl)phenoxy]-N-phenylacetamide	experimental			
DB07827	4-{[1-METHYL-2,4-DIOXO-6-(3-PHENYLPROP-1-YN-1-YL)-1,4-DIHYDROQUINAZOLIN-3(2H)-YL]METHYL}BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07829	4-[3-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL]PYRIDINE	experimental			
DB07830	(4R,5R)-5-AMINO-1-[2-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YL)ETHYL]-4-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)PIPERIDIN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB07831	2-{[(6-OXO-1,6-DIHYDROPYRIDIN-3-YL)METHYL]AMINO}-N-[4-PROPYL-3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07832	4-{4-[(5-hydroxy-2-methylphenyl)amino]quinolin-7-yl}-1,3-thiazole-2-carbaldehyde	experimental			
DB07833	N-(3-cyanophenyl)-2'-methyl-5'-(5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)-4-biphenylcarboxamide	experimental			
DB07834	N-(cyclopropylmethyl)-2'-methyl-5'-(5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)biphenyl-4-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07835	N~3~-cyclopropyl-N~4~'-(cyclopropylmethyl)-6-methylbiphenyl-3,4'-dicarboxamide	experimental			
DB07836	1-DECYL-3-TRIFLUORO ETHYL-SN-GLYCERO-2-PHOSPHOMETHANOL	experimental			
DB07837	[4-(5-naphthalen-2-yl-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-yl)phenyl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB07838	(Z)-3-BENZYL-5-(2-HYDROXY-3-NITROBENZYLIDENE)-2-THIOXOTHIAZOLIDIN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB07839	N~2~-1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL-3-CYCLOHEXYL-N-{2-[(4-METHOXYPHENYL)AMINO]ETHYL}-L-ALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB07840	(E)-[4-(3,5-Difluorophenyl)-3H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-ylidene](3-methoxyphenyl)methanol	experimental			
DB07841	Geranylgeranyl diphosphate	experimental			
DB07842	(2S)-2-(4-ethylphenoxy)-3-phenylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB07843	5-CHLORO-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL]-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL}-1-BENZOTHIOPHENE-2-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07844	6-CHLORO-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-2-OXOETHYL]-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL}-1-BENZOTHIOPHENE-2-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07845	2-fluoro-6-{[2-({2-methoxy-4-[(methylsulfonyl)methyl]phenyl}amino)-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl]amino}benzamide	experimental			
DB07846	(3,4,8b-Trimethyl-3-oxido-2,3a-dihydro-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]indol-3-ium-7-yl) N-(2-ethylphenyl)carbamate	experimental			
DB07847	6-CHLORO-N-{(3S)-1-[(1S)-1-METHYL-2-(4-MORPHOLINYL)-2-OXO ETHYL]-2-OXO-3-PYRROLIDINYL}-2-NAPHTHALENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07848	5-Chloro-N-{(3S)-1-[(2S)-1-(4-morpholinyl)-1-oxo-2-propanyl]-2-oxo-3-pyrrolidinyl}-1H-indole-2-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB07849	S-NONYL-CYSTEINE	experimental			
DB07850	(1R,2S)-2-(5-thioxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)cyclohexanecarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07851	(3R,4S)-1-(3,4-DIMETHOXYPHENYL)-3-(3-METHYLPHENYL)PIPERIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07852	1-(3,5-DICHLOROPHENYL)-5-METHYL-1H-1,2,4-TRIAZOLE-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07853	2-[4-[4-[(5-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)amino]quinazolin-2-yl]iminocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-yl]acetonitrile	experimental			
DB07854	N-METHYL-1-[4-(9H-PURIN-6-YL)PHENYL]METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07855	(S)-1-PHENYL-1-[4-(9H-PURIN-6-YL)PHENYL]METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07856	6-{4-[4-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)PIPERIDIN-4-YL]PHENYL}-9H-PURINE	experimental			
DB07857	(2R)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-[4-(1H-pyrazol-4-yl)phenyl]ethanamine	experimental			
DB07858	(2S)-2-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-[4-(1H-pyrazol-4-yl)phenyl]ethanamine	experimental			
DB07859	4-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-4-[4-(1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL)PHENYL]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07860	(2R)-2-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-2-PHENYLETHANAMINE	experimental			
DB07861	(2R)-N-hydroxy-3-naphthalen-2-yl-2-[(naphthalen-2-ylsulfonyl)amino]propanamide	experimental			
DB07862	7-(1-ETHYL-PROPYL)-7H-PYRROLO-[3,2-F]QUINAZOLINE-1,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07863	2-chloro-5-nitro-N-phenylbenzamide	experimental			
DB07864	4-[(CYCLOPROPYLETHYNYL)OXY]-6-FLUORO-3-ISOPROPYLQUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07865	3-(1H-tetrazol-5-ylamino)cyclohex-2-en-1-one	experimental			
DB07866	(5S)-2-(Cyclooctylamino)-5-methyl-5-propyl-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB07867	6-CHLORO-4-(CYCLOHEXYLOXY)-3-PROPYLQUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07868	6-CHLORO-4-(CYCLOHEXYLSULFANYL)-3-PROPYLQUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07869	6-Chloro-4-[(R)-cyclohexylsulfinyl]-3-propyl-2(1H)-quinolinone	experimental			
DB07870	Haloxyfop-P	experimental			
DB07871	6-CHLORO-4-(CYCLOHEXYLOXY)-3-ISOPROPYLQUINOLIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB07872	5-chloro-N-[(3R)-1-(2-{[2-fluoro-4-(2-oxopyridin-1(2H)-yl)phenyl]amino}-2-oxoethyl)pyrrolidin-3-yl]thiophene-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07873	Lauryl alcohol diphosphonic acid	experimental			
DB07874	(6S)-2-amino-6-(3'-methoxybiphenyl-3-yl)-3,6-dimethyl-5,6-dihydropyrimidin-4(3H)-one	experimental			
DB07875	5-Chloro-thiophene-2-carboxylic acid ((3S,4S)-1-{[2-fluoro-4-(2-oxo-2H-pyridin-1-yl)-phenylcarbamoyl]-methyl}-4-hydroxy-pyrrolidin-3-yl)-amide	experimental			
DB07876	(S)-2-METHYL-1-[(4-METHYL-5-ISOQUINOLINE)SULFONYL]-HOMOPIPERAZINE	experimental			
DB07877	8-(6-BROMO-BENZO[1,3]DIOXOL-5-YLSULFANYL)-9-(3-ISOPROPYLAMINO-PROPYL)-ADENINE	experimental			
DB07878	N-[(1S)-1-{1-[(1R,3E)-1-ACETYLPENT-3-EN-1-YL]-1H-1,2,3-TRIAZOL-4-YL}-1,2-DIMETHYLPROPYL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB07879	N-hydroxy-5-[(3-phenyl-5,6-dihydroimidazo[1,2-a]pyrazin-7(8H)-yl)carbonyl]thiophene-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07880	2-((4'-HYDROXYPHENYL)-AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07881	N-{[2-({[1-(4-CARBOXYBUTANOYL)AMINO]-2-PHENYLETHYL}-HYDROXYPHOSPHINYL)OXY]ACETYL}-2-PHENYLETHYLAMINE	experimental			
DB07882	4-{4-[2-(1A,7A-DIMETHYL-4-OXY-OCTAHYDRO-1-OXA-4-AZA-CYCLOPROPA[A]NAPHTHALEN-4-YL) -ACETYLAMINO]-PHENYLCARBAMOYL}-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB07883	(2-AMINO-3-PHENYL-BICYCLO[2.2.1]HEPT-2-YL)-PHENYL-METHANONE	experimental			
DB07884	Opaviraline	experimental			
DB07885	Talviraline	investigational	Talviraline has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB07887	(R)-1-(4-(4-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3,2-dioxaborolan-2-yl)benzyl)guanidine	experimental			
DB07888	3-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-4,5-DIHYDRO-5-ISOXAZOLE-ACETIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07889	(2S)-1-(Dimethylamino)-3-(4-{[4-(2-methylimidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-yl)-2-pyrimidinyl]amino}phenoxy)-2-propanol	experimental			
DB07890	4-(2-HYDROXYPHENYLTHIO)-1-BUTENYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07891	Estradiol hemisuccinate	experimental			
DB07892	1-(2-HYDROXYETHYLOXYMETHYL)-6-PHENYL THIOTHYMINE	experimental			
DB07893	PHENYL[1-(N-SUCCINYLAMINO)PENTYL]PHOSPHONATE	experimental			
DB07894	4-(2-HYDROXY-4-FLUOROPHENYLTHIO)-BUTYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07895	ALPHA-HYDROXYFARNESYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07896	(2S)-hydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethanoic acid	experimental			
DB07897	1-(HYDROXYMETHYLENEAMINO)-8-HYDROXY-OCTANE	experimental			
DB07898	(2R)-3-[(tetrahydroxyphosphoranyl)oxy]-1,2-propanediyl dibutanoate	experimental			
DB07899	(2S) N-acetyl-L-alanyl-αL-phenylalanyl-chloroethylketone	experimental			
DB07900	3-FORMYL-2-HYDROXY-5-METHYL-HEXANOIC ACID HYDROXYAMIDE	experimental			
DB07901	5-CHLORO-6-METHYL-N-(2-PHENYLETHYL)-2-PYRIDIN-2-YLPYRIMIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB07902	TERT-BUTYL {2-[(1,3-THIAZOL-2-YLAMINO)CARBONYL]PYRIDIN-3-YL}CARBAMATE	experimental			
DB07903	3-[(2,2-DIMETHYLPROPANOYL)AMINO]-N-1,3-THIAZOL-2-YLPYRIDINE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07905	(1aR,8S,13S,14S,15aR)-5,13,14-trihydroxy-3-methoxy-8-methyl-8,9,13,14,15,15a-hexahydro-6H-oxireno[k][2]benzoxacyclotetradecine-6,12(1aH)-dione	experimental			
DB07906	[(3R)-7-NITRO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLIN-3-YL]METHANOL	experimental			
DB07907	(2S)-2-HYDROXYOCTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07908	7-HYDROXY-4-METHYL-3-(2-HYDROXY-ETHYL)COUMARIN	experimental			
DB07909	(1S,2S,5S)2-(4-GLUTARIDYLBENZYL)-5-PHENYL-1-CYCLOHEXANOL	experimental			
DB07910	(2S)-2-amino-3-phenylpropane-1,1-diol	experimental			
DB07911	(3E)-2,6-DIOXO-6-PHENYLHEX-3-ENOATE	experimental			
DB07912	2-OXOHEPTYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07913	HOMOPHENYLALANINYLMETHANE	experimental			
DB07914	2-hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenyl-2,4-hexadienoic acid	experimental	Metabolic product of biphenyl; from Pseudomonas putida.		
DB07915	(2E,4E)-2-Hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenyl-2,4-hexadienoic acid	experimental			
DB07916	3-{6-[(8-HYDROXY-QUINOLINE-2-CARBONYL)-AMINO]-2-THIOPHEN-2-YL-HEXANOYLAMINO}-4-OXO-BUTYRI ACID	experimental			
DB07917	4-(BENZHYDRYLOXY)-1-[3-(1H-TETRAAZOL-5-YL)PROPYL]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07918	2-heptyl-4-hydroxyquinoline N-oxide	experimental			
DB07919	Harmine	experimental			
DB07920	N-oxo-2-[(4-phenylphenyl)sulfonylamino]ethanamide	experimental			
DB07921	2-[(4-fluorophenyl)sulfonylamino]-N-oxo-ethanamide	experimental			
DB07922	N-oxo-2-(phenylsulfonylamino)ethanamide	experimental			
DB07923	octyl alpha-L-altropyranoside	experimental			
DB07924	octyl beta-D-galactopyranoside	experimental			
DB07925	4-(2-HYDROXYPHENYLSULFINYL)-BUTYLPHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB07926	N-[3-(N'-HYDROXYCARBOXAMIDO)-2-(2-METHYLPROPYL)-PROPANOYL]-O-TYROSINE-N-METHYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB07927	3-[(4-Carboxy-2-hydroxyphenyl)sulfamoyl]-2-thiophenecarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07928	N-(2-OXOTETRAHYDROFURAN-3-YL)OCTANAMIDE	experimental			
DB07929	N-(TERT-BUTYL)-3,5-DIMETHYL-N'-[(5-METHYL-2,3-DIHYDRO-1,4-BENZODIOXIN-6-YL)CARBONYL]BENZOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB07930	(3R)-3-HYDROXYDODECANOIC ACID	experimental		Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB07931	Hexestrol	withdrawn	A synthetic estrogen that has been used as a hormonal antineoplastic agent.		
DB07932	dimethyl (1R,4S)-5,6-bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]hepta-2,5-diene-2,3-dicarboxylate	experimental			
DB07933	Erteberel	experimental,investigational	Erteberel is an estrogen receptor beta agonist that  has been used in trials studying the treatment of Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.		
DB07934	[[CYCLOHEXANESULFONYL-GLYCYL]-3[PYRIDIN-4-YL-AMINOMETHYL]ALANYL]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB07935	5-[(5-fluoro-3-methyl-1H-indazol-4-yl)oxy]benzene-1,3-dicarbonitrile	experimental			
DB07936	N-(4-{[(3S)-3-(dimethylamino)pyrrolidin-1-yl]carbonyl}phenyl)-5-fluoro-4-[2-methyl-1-(1-methylethyl)-1H-imidazol-5-yl]pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB07937	2-butoxy-9-(2,6-difluorobenzyl)-N-(2-morpholin-4-ylethyl)-9H-purin-6-amine	experimental			
DB07938	(S)-iclaprim	experimental			
DB07939	N-(3-MERCAPTOPROPANOYL)-D-ALANINE	experimental			
DB07940	9-(3-IODOBENZYLAMINO)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROACRIDINE	experimental			
DB07941	PH-797804	investigational	PH-797804 has been investigated for the treatment of Osteoarthritis.		
DB07942	2-fluoro-4-[4-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]pyridine	experimental			
DB07943	SD-0006	investigational			
DB07944	N-{3-METHYL-5-[2-(PYRIDIN-4-YLAMINO)-ETHOXY]-PHENYL}-BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07945	5-(3-carbamoylbenzyl)-5,6,7,8,9,10-hexahydrocyclohepta[b]indole-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB07946	N-[2-({[amino(imino)methyl]amino}oxy)ethyl]-2-{6-chloro-3-[(2,2-difluoro-2-phenylethyl)amino]-2-fluorophenyl}acetamide	experimental			
DB07947	ISOQUINOLINE-5-SULFONIC ACID (2-(2-(4-CHLOROBENZYLOXY)ETHYLAMINO)ETHYL)AMIDE	experimental			
DB07949	({[(3E)-2'-Oxo-2',7'-dihydro-2,3'-biindol-3(7H)-ylidene]amino}oxy)acetic acid	experimental			
DB07950	Indoleacetic acid	experimental		Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB07951	N-(indole-3-acetyl)-L-aspartic acid	experimental			
DB07952	N-[1H-INDOL-3-YL-ACETYL]GLYCINE ACID	experimental			
DB07953	N-[1H-INDOL-3-YL-ACETYL]VALINE ACID	experimental			
DB07954	3-isobutyl-1-methyl-7H-xanthine	experimental			
DB07955	(2-BROMOETHYL)(2-'FORMYL-4'-AMINOPHENYL) ACETATE	experimental			
DB07956	[1-(3-CHLORO-2-FORMYL-PHENYLCARBAMOYL)-2-METHYL-PROPYL]-CARBAMIC ACID TERT-BUTYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07957	METHYL(2-ACETOXY-2-(2-CARBOXY-4-AMINO-PHENYL))ACETATE	experimental			
DB07958	(2-CARBAMOYLMETHYL-5-PROPYL-OCTAHYDRO-INDOL-7-YL)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07959	3-(1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-2-YL)-1H-INDAZOLE	experimental			
DB07960	5-ACETAMIDO-5,6-DIHYDRO-4-HYDROXY-6-ISOBUTOXY-4H-PYRAN-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07961	1-(4-Cyano-phenyl)-3-[2-(2,6-dichloro-phenyl)-1-imino-ethyl]-thiourea	experimental			
DB07962	METHYL N-[(2',4'-DIFLUORO-4-HYDROXY-5-IODOBIPHENYL-3-YL)CARBONYL]-BETA-ALANINATE	experimental			
DB07963	N-[(2',4'-DIFLUORO-4-HYDROXY-5-IODOBIPHENYL-3-YL)CARBONYL]-BETA-ALANINE	experimental			
DB07964	(3S)-4-{[4-(BUT-2-YNYLOXY)PHENYL]SULFONYL}-N-HYDROXY-2,2-DIMETHYLTHIOMORPHOLINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07965	6-(cyclohexylamino)-9-[2-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-ethyl]-9H-purine-2-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB07966	[4-({4-[(5-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)amino]quinazolin-2-yl}amino)phenyl]acetonitrile	experimental			
DB07967	9-CYCLOPENTYL-6-[2-(3-IMIDAZOL-1-YL-PROPOXY)-PHENYLAMINO]-9H-PURINE-2-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB07968	N-(2-CHLORO-4-FLUOROBENZOYL)-N'-(5-HYDROXY-2-METHOXYPHENYL)UREA	experimental			
DB07969	3-[3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-7-(trifluoromethyl)quinoxalin-5-yl]phenol	experimental			
DB07970	5-[(2-methyl-5-{[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]carbamoyl}phenyl)amino]pyridine-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB07971	5-AMINO-2-{4-[(4-AMINOPHENYL)SULFANYL]PHENYL}-1H-ISOINDOLE-1,3(2H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB07972	1-(3-METHYLPHENYL)-1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-5-AMINE	experimental			
DB07973	N-(1-ISOPROPYLPIPERIDIN-4-YL)-1-(3-METHOXYBENZYL)-1H-INDOLE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07974	1-{2-[(4-CHLOROPHENYL)AMINO]-2-OXOETHYL}-N-(1-ISOPROPYLPIPERIDIN-4-YL)-1H-INDOLE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB07975	2-({[3,5-DIFLUORO-3'-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)BIPHENYL-4-YL]AMINO}CARBONYL)CYCLOPENT-1-ENE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07976	3-{[(3-FLUORO-3'-METHOXYBIPHENYL-4-YL)AMINO]CARBONYL}THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07977	3-({[3,5-DIFLUORO-3'-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)BIPHENYL-4-YL]AMINO}CARBONYL)THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07978	2-({[2,3,5,6-TETRAFLUORO-3'-(TRIFLUOROMETHOXY)BIPHENYL-4-YL]AMINO}CARBONYL)CYCLOPENTA-1,3-DIENE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB07979	(2E)-3-(3,4-DIHYDROXYPHENYL)-2-IMINOPROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB07981	2-[1-(4-chlorobenzoyl)-5-methoxy-2-methyl-1H-indol-3-yl]-n-[(1R)-1-(hydroxymethyl)propyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB07982	2-{4-[4-({4-[2-methyl-1-(1-methylethyl)-1H-imidazol-5-yl]pyrimidin-2-yl}amino)phenyl]piperazin-1-yl}-2-oxoethanol	experimental			
DB07983	1-(4-IODOBENZOYL)-5-METHOXY-2-METHYL INDOLE-3-ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07984	2-[1-(4-chlorobenzoyl)-5-methoxy-2-methyl-1H-indol-3-yl]-n-[(1S)-1-(hydroxymethyl)propyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB07985	+/-METHYL 4-(AMINOIMINOMETHYL)-BETA-[3- INH (AMINOIMINO)PHENYL]BENZENE PENTANOATE	experimental			
DB07986	[4-(4-PHENYL-PIPERIDIN-1-YL)-BENZENESULFONYLAMINO]-ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB07987	[2-(5-Mercapto-[1,3,4]thiadiazol-2-ylcarbamoyl)-1-phenyl-ethyl]-carbamic acid benzyl ester	experimental			
DB07988	2-[3-(5-Mercapto-[1,3,4]thiadiazol-2yl)-ureido]-N-methyl-3-pentafluorophenyl-propionamide	experimental			
DB07989	2-(ACETYL-HYDROXY-AMINO)-4-METHYL-PENTANOIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB07990	(RP,SP)-O-(2R)-(1-PHENOXYBUT-2-YL)-METHYLPHOSPHONIC ACID CHLORIDE	experimental			
DB07991	N-[(1R)-3-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1-METHYLPROPYL]-2-(2-PHENYL-1H-INDOL-3-YL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB07992	Indoxyl sulfate	experimental			
DB07993	N~3~-[3-(1H-INDOL-6-YL)BENZYL]PYRIDINE-2,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07994	N~3~-[5-(1H-INDOL-6-YL)-2-(PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHOXY)BENZYL]PYRIDINE-2,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB07995	H-89	experimental			
DB07996	5-(2-methylpiperazine-1-sulfonyl)isoquinoline	experimental			
DB07997	N-[2-(METHYLAMINO)ETHYL]-5-ISOQUINOLINESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB07999	{4-[(CARBOXYMETHOXY)CARBONYL]-3,3-DIOXIDO-1-OXONAPHTHO[1,2-D]ISOTHIAZOL-2(1H)-YL}ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08000	2-(CARBOXYMETHYL)-1-OXO-1,2-DIHYDRONAPHTHO[1,2-D]ISOTHIAZOLE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID 3,3-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB08001	5-(3-{3-[3-HYDROXY-2-(METHOXYCARBONYL)PHENOXY]PROPENYL}PHENYL)-4-(HYDROXYMETHYL)ISOXAZOLE-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08003	ISOTHIAZOLIDINONE ANALOG	experimental			
DB08004	(2S)-2-{[3-(3-aminophenyl)imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazin-6-yl]amino}-3-methylbutan-1-ol	experimental			
DB08005	4-{[5-chloro-4-(1H-indol-3-yl)pyrimidin-2-yl]amino}-N-ethylpiperidine-1-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08006	N-anthracen-2-yl-5-methyl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08007	(2R)-3-{[(BENZYLAMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}-2-HYDROXYPROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08008	5-methyl-N-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl][1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08009	SU-11652	experimental	SU-11652 is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor.		
DB08010	(3Z)-1-[(6-fluoro-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-8-yl)methyl]-4-[(E)-2-phenylethenyl]-1H-indole-2,3-dione 3-oxime	experimental			
DB08011	(3E)-5-fluoro-1-[(6-fluoro-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-8-yl)methyl]-1H-indole-2,3-dione 3-oxime	experimental			
DB08012	Pirodavir	experimental	Pirodavir is an antipicornavirus agent.		
DB08013	(METHYLPYRIDAZINE PIPERIDINE PROPYLOXYPHENYL)ETHYLACETATE	experimental			
DB08014	(METHYLPYRIDAZINE PIPERIDINE BUTYLOXYPHENYL)ETHYLACETATE	experimental			
DB08015	(3Z)-1-[(6-fluoro-4H-1,3-benzodioxin-8-yl)methyl]-4-phenyl-1H-indole-2,3-dione 3-oxime	experimental			
DB08016	4-(6-CHLORO-2,4-DIOXO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROPYRIMIDIN-5-YL) BUTYL PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB08017	3-METHOXY-6-[4-(3-METHYLPHENYL)-1-PIPERAZINYL]PYRIDAZINE	experimental			
DB08018	N-{(3S,4S)-4-[(6-AMINO-4-METHYLPYRIDIN-2-YL)METHYL]PYRROLIDIN-3-YL}-N'-(4-CHLOROBENZYL)ETHANE-1,2-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08019	N-{(3R,4S)-4-[(6-amino-4-methylpyridin-2-yl)methyl]pyrrolidin-3-yl}-N'-(3-chlorobenzyl)ethane-1,2-diamine	experimental			
DB08020	(3AS,4R,9BR)-4-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-6-(METHOXYMETHYL)-1,2,3,3A,4,9B-HEXAHYDROCYCLOPENTA[C]CHROMEN-8-OL	experimental			
DB08021	5-bromo-N-(3-chloro-2-(4-(prop-2-ynyl)piperazin-1-yl)phenyl)furan-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08022	(2S)-1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl{2-[(2-pyridin-3-ylethyl)amino]pyrimidin-4-yl}ethanenitrile	experimental			
DB08023	N-cyclohexyl-4-imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-yl-N-methylpyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08024	1-[2-(S)-AMINO-3-BIPHENYL-4-YL-PROPIONYL]-PYRROLIDINE-2-(S)-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08025	N-{2'-[(4-FLUOROPHENYL)AMINO]-4,4'-BIPYRIDIN-2-YL}-4-METHOXYCYCLOHEXANECARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08026	2-{4-[(4-imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-3-ylpyrimidin-2-yl)amino]piperidin-1-yl}-N-methylacetamide	experimental			
DB08027	CAP-1	experimental			
DB08028	BUT-3-ENYL-[5-(4-CHLORO-PHENYL)-3,6-DIHYDRO-[1,3,4]THIADIAZIN-2-YLIDENE]-AMINE	experimental			
DB08029	N~2~-(biphenyl-4-ylsulfonyl)-N-hydroxy-N~2~-(2-hydroxyethyl)glycinamide	experimental			
DB08030	3-[(4'-cyanobiphenyl-4-yl)oxy]-N-hydroxypropanamide	experimental			
DB08031	N-[(13-CYCLOHEXYL-6,7-DIHYDROINDOLO[1,2-D][1,4]BENZOXAZEPIN-10-YL)CARBONYL]-2-METHYL-L-ALANINE	experimental			
DB08032	N,N-DIETHYL-2-[(2-THIENYLCARBONYL)AMINO]-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-1-BENZOTHIOPHENE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08033	(5R)-N,N-DIETHYL-5-METHYL-2-[(THIOPHEN-2-YLCARBONYL)AMINO]-4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-1-BENZOTHIOPHENE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08034	(E)-3,4-DIHYDROXY-N'-[(2-METHOXYNAPHTHALEN-1-YL)METHYLENE]BENZOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB08035	1-TERT-BUTYL-3-(2,5-DIMETHYLBENZYL)-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB08036	6,7,12,13-tetrahydro-5H-indolo[2,3-a]pyrrolo[3,4-c]carbazol-5-one	experimental			
DB08037	MK-0731	experimental	MK-0731 is a kinesin spindle protein inhibitor and antineoplastic agent.		
DB08038	L-alanyl-N-[(1S,2R)-1-benzyl-2-hydroxypropyl]-L-alaninamide	experimental			
DB08039	(3Z)-N,N-DIMETHYL-2-OXO-3-(4,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-1H-INDOL-2-YLMETHYLIDENE)-2,3-DIHYDRO-1H-INDOLE-5-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08040	Kelatorphan	experimental			
DB08041	3-BENZYLOXYCARBONYLAMINO-2-HYDROXY-4-PHENYL-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB08042	N~4~-methyl-N~4~-(3-methyl-1H-indazol-6-yl)-N~2~-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08043	1-[4-(PYRIDIN-4-YLOXY)PHENYL]-3-[3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]UREA	experimental			
DB08044	ABT-341	experimental	ABT-341 is a potent and selective DPP-4 inhibitor with a structure very similar to sitagliptin (in 2D; the 3D structure is significantly different). [A39406]		
DB08045	4-{4-[4-(3-AMINOPROPOXY)PHENYL]-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL}-6-CHLOROBENZENE-1,3-DIOL	experimental			
DB08046	2-chloro-5-[(1S)-1-hydroxy-3-oxo-2H-isoindol-1-yl]benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08047	4-[1-allyl-7-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-indazol-3-yl]benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB08048	4-(6-HYDROXY-1H-INDAZOL-3-YL)BENZENE-1,3-DIOL	experimental			
DB08049	7,8-dihydroxy-4-phenyl-2H-chromen-2-one	experimental			
DB08050	5-phenyl-2-keto-valeric acid	experimental			
DB08051	(2R)-4-(2-BENZOYL-1,2-DIAZEPAN-1-YL)-4-OXO-1-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)BUTAN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB08052	PP-121	experimental			
DB08053	1-cyclobutyl-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08054	1-(1-methylethyl)-3-quinolin-6-yl-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08055	N-(2-chlorophenyl)-5-phenylimidazo[1,5-a]pyrazin-8-amine	experimental			
DB08056	N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-5-phenylimidazo[1,5-a]pyrazin-8-amine	experimental			
DB08057	N-(2-chloro-6-methylphenyl)-8-[(3S)-3-methylpiperazin-1-yl]imidazo[1,5-a]quinoxalin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08058	4-[3-(1,4-diazepan-1-ylcarbonyl)-4-fluorobenzyl]phthalazin-1(2H)-one	experimental			
DB08059	Wortmannin	experimental	Wortmannin is a steroid metabolite of _Penicillium funiculosum_ and _Talaromyces wortmannii_ fungi. This drug acts as a nonspecific, covalent inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinase enzymes (PI3Ks).		
DB08060	4-(2-AMINOPHENYL)-4-OXOBUTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08061	4-[3-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL]PIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB08062	3-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-5-(METHYLTHIO)-4H-1,2,4-TRIAZOLE	experimental			
DB08063	1-BENZYL-3-(4-METHOXYPHENYLAMINO)-4-PHENYLPYRROLE-2,5-DIONE	experimental			
DB08064	N-(3-TERT-BUTYL-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL)-N'-{4-CHLORO-3-[(PYRIDIN-3-YLOXY)METHYL]PHENYL}UREA	experimental			
DB08065	2-(1H-pyrazol-3-yl)-1H-benzimidazole	experimental			
DB08066	N-[3-(1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-2-YL)-1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08067	4-[(2-{4-[(CYCLOPROPYLCARBAMOYL)AMINO]-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL}-1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-6-YL)METHYL]MORPHOLIN-4-IUM	experimental			
DB08068	N-[4-CHLORO-3-(PYRIDIN-3-YLOXYMETHYL)-PHENYL]-3-FLUORO-	experimental			
DB08069	4-AMINO-5-(2-METHYLPHENYL)-2,4-DIHYDRO-3H-1,2,4-TRIAZOLE-3-THIONE	experimental			
DB08070	2-[4-(3-METHYL-1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL)PHENYL]ETHANAMINE	experimental			
DB08071	(2S)-1-methyl-2-[(2S,4R)-2-methyl-4-phenylpentyl]piperidine	experimental			
DB08072	4-(2-AMINOETHOXY)-3,5-DICHLORO-N-[3-(1-METHYLETHOXY)PHENYL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08073	(2S)-1-(1H-INDOL-3-YL)-3-{[5-(3-METHYL-1H-INDAZOL-5-YL)PYRIDIN-3-YL]OXY}PROPAN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB08074	3-(3-Methyl-2-buten-1-yl)-3H-purin-6-amine	experimental			
DB08075	4-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08076	4-[1-(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)-2-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-yl]pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08077	2-[4-({[(3,5-DICHLOROPHENYL)AMINO]CARBONYL}AMINO)PHENOXY]-2-METHYLPROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08078	{4-[3-(4-acetyl-3-hydroxy-2-propylphenoxy)propoxy]phenoxy}acetic acid	experimental			
DB08079	AMG-208	investigational	AMG-208 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Tumors, Oncology, Prostate Cancer, and Oncology Patients, among others.		
DB08080	Latrunculin B	experimental	Latrunculin B is a 14-membered macrolide attached to 2-thiazolidinone moiety, isolated from Red Sea sponge _Latrunculia magnifica_.		
DB08081	3-OXO-OCTANOIC ACID (2-OXO-TETRAHYDRO-FURAN-3-YL)-AMIDE	experimental			
DB08082	N-(2-AMINOETHYL)-P-CHLOROBENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08083	2-(1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-1H-benzimidazole-5-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB08084	IDD594	experimental			
DB08085	1-(4-HEXYLPHENYL)PROP-2-EN-1-ONE	experimental			
DB08086	N-[12-(1H-imidazol-1-yl)dodecanoyl]-L-leucine	experimental			
DB08087	4-[(7R,7AS)-7-HYDROXY-1,3-DIOXOTETRAHYDRO-1H-PYRROLO[1,2-C]IMIDAZOL-2(3H)-YL]-1-NAPHTHONITRILE	experimental			
DB08088	2-chloro-4-{[(1R,3Z,7S,7aS)-7-hydroxy-1-(trifluoromethyl)tetrahydro-1H-pyrrolo[1,2-c][1,3]oxazol-3-ylidene]amino}-3-methylbenzonitrile	experimental			
DB08089	LGD-2226	experimental	An androgen receptor modulator.		
DB08090	(3Z,5S,6R,7S,8R,8aR)-3-(octylimino)hexahydro[1,3]oxazolo[3,4-a]pyridine-5,6,7,8-tetrol	experimental			
DB08091	3-FLUORO-5-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-N-[3-(2-PYRIDIN-4-YLETHYL)-1H-INDOL-5-YL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08092	3-fluoro-N-1H-indol-5-yl-5-morpholin-4-ylbenzamide	experimental	3-fluoro-N-1H-indol-5-yl-5-morpholin-4-ylbenzamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylmorpholines. These are aromatic compounds containing a morpholine ring and a benzene ring linked to each other through a CC or a CN bond. This drug targets mitogen-activated protein kinase 14.		
DB08093	3-(1-NAPHTHYLMETHOXY)PYRIDIN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB08094	RO-4584820	investigational			
DB08095	3-(2-CHLOROPHENYL)-1-(2-{[(1S)-2-HYDROXY-1,2-DIMETHYLPROPYL]AMINO}PYRIMIDIN-4-YL)-1-(4-METHOXYPHENYL)UREA	experimental			
DB08096	8-(2-CHLOROPHENYLAMINO)-2-(2,6-DIFLUOROPHENYLAMINO)-9-ETHYL-9H-PURINE-1,7-DIIUM	experimental			
DB08097	2-(2,6-DIFLUOROPHENOXY)-N-(2-FLUOROPHENYL)-9-ISOPROPYL-9H-PURIN-8-AMINE	experimental			
DB08098	{[5-(5-nitro-2-furyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl]thio}acetic acid	experimental	This compound belongs to the nitrofurans. These are compounds containing a furan ring which bears a nitro group. It targets the protein aldose reductase.		
DB08099	6-ethyl-5-[(2S)-1-(3-methoxypropyl)-2-phenyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolin-7-yl]pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental	6-ethyl-5-[(2s)-1-(3-methoxypropyl)-2-phenyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolin-7-yl]pyrimidine-2,4-diamine is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylquinolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a quinoline moiety substituted with a phenyl group. This substance targets the protein renin.		
DB08100	2,6-dimethyl-4-[(E)-2-phenylethenyl]phenol	experimental			
DB08101	2,6-dibromo-4-[(E)-2-phenylethenyl]phenol	experimental			
DB08102	3,5-dibromobiphenyl-4-ol	experimental			
DB08103	2,6-dibromo-4-phenoxyphenol	experimental			
DB08104	N-(3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl)benzamide	experimental			
DB08105	N-[(6-butoxynaphthalen-2-yl)sulfonyl]-L-glutamic acid	experimental			
DB08106	N-[(6-butoxynaphthalen-2-yl)sulfonyl]-D-glutamic acid	experimental			
DB08107	N-{[6-(PENTYLOXY)NAPHTHALEN-2-YL]SULFONYL}-D-GLUTAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08108	N-({6-[(4-CYANOBENZYL)OXY]NAPHTHALEN-2-YL}SULFONYL)-D-GLUTAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08109	(1S,4R,7AR)-4-BUTOXY-1-[(1R)-1-FORMYLPROPYL]-2,4,5,6,7,7A-HEXAHYDRO-1H-ISOINDOLE-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08110	(1R,4S,7AS)-1-(1-FORMYLPROP-1-EN-1-YL)-4-METHOXY-2,4,5,6,7,7A-HEXAHYDRO-1H-ISOINDOLE-3-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08111	4-[(6-phenyl[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-b]pyridazin-3-yl)methyl]phenol	experimental			
DB08112	N-({6-[(4-CYANO-2-FLUOROBENZYL)OXY]NAPHTHALEN-2-YL}SULFONYL)-D-GLUTAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08113	3-pyridin-4-yl-1H-indazole	experimental			
DB08114	5-benzyl-1,3-thiazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB08115	2-aminoethyl naphthalen-1-ylacetate	experimental			
DB08116	(3R)-4-{[(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetyl]oxy}-N-(2-formylindolizin-3-yl)-3-sulfino-D-valine	experimental			
DB08118	2-(methylamino)-N-(4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)-5-[(4-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-3-yl)sulfanyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB08119	1,1,1-TRIFLUORO-3-((N-ACETYL)-L-LEUCYLAMIDO)-4-PHENYL-BUTAN-2-ONE(N-ACETYL-L-LEUCYL-L-PHENYLALANYL TRIFLUOROMETHYL KETONE)	experimental			
DB08120	6,8-DIMERCAPTO-OCTANOIC ACID AMIDE	experimental			
DB08121	(2S)-2-(biphenyl-4-yloxy)-3-phenylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB08122	N-Methyl-4-{[(2-oxo-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-ylidene)methyl]amino}benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08123	N-methyl-{4-[2-(7-oxo-6,7-dihydro-8H-[1,3]thiazolo[5,4-e]indol-8-ylidene)hydrazino]phenyl}methanesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08124	3-{[(2,2-dioxido-1,3-dihydro-2-benzothien-5-yl)amino]methylene}-5-(1,3-oxazol-5-yl)-1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one	experimental			
DB08125	4-{[(2-Oxo-1,2-dihydro-3H-indol-3-ylidene)methyl]amino}-N-(1,3-thiazol-2-yl)benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08126	3-{[4-([amino(imino)methyl]aminosulfonyl)anilino]methylene}-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-indole	experimental			
DB08127	1,3,3-trimethyl-2-[(1E,3E)-3-methylpenta-1,3-dien-1-yl]cyclohexene	experimental			
DB08128	(1S,4R,9S)-5-(trifluoromethyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methanonaphthalen-9-amine	experimental			
DB08129	(1R)-2-amino-1-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethanol	experimental			
DB08130	N-(5-{3,4-difluoro-2-[(2-fluoro-4-iodophenyl)amino]phenyl}-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)ethane-1,2-diamine	experimental			
DB08131	2-{4-[2-(2-AMINO-4-OXO-4,7-DIHYDRO-3H-PYRROLO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-5-YL)-ETHYL]-BENZOYLAMINO}-3-METHYL-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB08132	5-hydroxynaphthalene-1-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB08133	N-(4-sulfamoylphenyl)-1H-indazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08134	4-[(6-chloropyrazin-2-yl)amino]benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08135	N-phenyl-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08136	4-(acetylamino)-N-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08137	(4E)-N-(4-fluorophenyl)-4-[(phenylcarbonyl)imino]-4H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08138	{[(2,6-difluorophenyl)carbonyl]amino}-N-(4-fluorophenyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08139	5-chloro-7-[(1-methylethyl)amino]pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine-3-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB08140	5-[(4-AMINOCYCLOHEXYL)AMINO]-7-(PROPAN-2-YLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIMIDINE-3-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08141	4-{[(2,6-difluorophenyl)carbonyl]amino}-N-[(3S)-piperidin-3-yl]-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08142	AT-7519	investigational	AT7519 is a selective inhibitor of certain Cyclin Dependent Kinases (CDKs) leading to tumour regression. It is developed by Astex for the treatment of solid tumours and haematological malignancies.		
DB08143	5-CHLORO-THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID ((3S,4S)-4-FLUORO- 1-{[2-FLUORO-4-(2-OXO-2H-PYRIDIN-1-YL)-PHENYLCARBAMOYL]-METHYL}-PYRROLIDIN-3-YL)-AMIDE	experimental			
DB08144	6-(2,6-dibromophenyl)pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-2,7-diamine	experimental			
DB08145	6-(2,6-DIMETHOXYPHENYL)PYRIDO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDINE-2,7-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08146	7-(2,5-dihydropyrrol-1-yl)-6-phenyl-pyrido[6,5-d]pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08147	4-[3-(dibenzylamino)phenyl]-2,4-dioxobutanoic acid	experimental			
DB08148	1-[4-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-(7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)piperidin-4-yl]methanamine	experimental			
DB08149	1-[4-(4-chlorobenzyl)-1-(7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)piperidin-4-yl]methanamine	experimental			
DB08150	4-(4-chlorobenzyl)-1-(7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)piperidin-4-aminium	experimental			
DB08151	(5R,7R,8S,9S,10R)-7-(hydroxymethyl)-3-phenyl-1,6-dioxa-2-azaspiro[4.5]dec-2-ene-8,9,10-triol	experimental			
DB08152	{(2S)-1-[N-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)glycyl]pyrrolidin-2-yl}methyl (3-chlorophenyl)acetate	experimental			
DB08153	(5E)-14-CHLORO-15,17-DIHYDROXY-4,7,8,9,10,11-HEXAHYDRO-2-BENZOXACYCLOPENTADECINE-1,12(3H,13H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08154	3-chloro-5-[2-chloro-5-(1H-indazol-3-ylmethoxy)phenoxy]benzonitrile	experimental			
DB08155	N-{2-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]ETHYL}ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08156	3-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08157	ETHYL 3-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]PROPANOATE	experimental			
DB08158	2,4-DINITROPHENYL 2-DEOXY-2-FLUORO-BETA-D-MANNOPYRANOSIDE	experimental			
DB08159	4-(5,11-DIOXO-5H-INDENO[1,2-C]ISOQUINOLIN-6(11H)-YL)BUTANOATE	experimental			
DB08160	(2S)-2-AMINO-4-(METHYLSULFANYL)-1-(1,3-THIAZOL-2-YL)BUTANE-1,1-DIOL	experimental			
DB08161	(S)-2-(MERCAPTOMETHYL)-5-PHENYLPENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08162	Fasudil	investigational	Fasudil has been investigated in Carotid Stenosis.		
DB08163	5'-{[4-(aminooxy)butyl](methyl)amino}-5'-deoxy-8-ethenyladenosine	experimental			
DB08164	(3R,4R)-1-{6-[3-(METHYLSULFONYL)PHENYL]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL}-4-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)PIPERIDIN-3-AMINE	experimental			
DB08165	indane-5-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB08166	(4R)-7-chloro-9-methyl-1-oxo-1,2,4,9-tetrahydrospiro[beta-carboline-3,4'-piperidine]-4-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB08167	Methylthioninium	experimental,investigational			
DB08168	Coumarin 120	experimental			
DB08169	(2Z)-N-biphenyl-4-yl-2-cyano-3-cyclopropyl-3-hydroxyprop-2-enamide	experimental			
DB08170	(1R)-N,6-DIHYDROXY-7-METHOXY-2-[(4-METHOXYPHENYL)SULFONYL]-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLINE-1-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08171	11-MERCAPTOUNDECANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08172	(2Z)-N-(3-chloro-2'-methoxybiphenyl-4-yl)-2-cyano-3-hydroxybut-2-enamide	experimental			
DB08173	5-CHLORO-N-(2-(4-(2-OXOPYRIDIN-1(2H)-YL)BENZAMIDO)ETHYL)THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08174	5-CHLORO-N-((1R,2S)-2-(4-(2-OXOPYRIDIN-1(2H)-YL)BENZAMIDO) CYCLOPENTYL)THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08175	(2E,4E)-11-METHOXY-3,7,11-TRIMETHYLDODECA-2,4-DIENOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08176	(1Z)-4-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-2-METHYLIDENEBUTAN-1-IMINE	experimental			
DB08177	(E)-3-(5((5-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)FURAN-2-YL)METHYLENE)-4-OXO-2-THIOXOTHIAZOLIDIN-3-YL)PROPANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08178	4-(4-methoxy-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-yl)pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08179	methyl 4-(2,3-dihydroxy-5-methylphenoxy)-2-hydroxy-6-methylbenzoate	experimental			
DB08180	2-[METHYL-(5-GERANYL-4-METHYL-PENT-3-ENYL)-AMINO]-ETHYL-DIPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB08181	2-((3'-METHYL-4'-HYDROXYPHENYL)AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08182	4-(4-propoxy-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-yl)pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08184	2-(2-METHYLPHENYL)-1H-INDOLE-5-CARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB08185	2-METHYLTHIO-N6-ISOPENTENYL-ADENOSINE-5'-MONOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB08186	(3E)-4-(1-METHYL-1H-INDOL-3-YL)BUT-3-EN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08187	N-Methylphenylalanyl-N-[(trans-4-aminocyclohexyl)methyl]-L-prolinamide	experimental			
DB08188	Emivirine	investigational	Emivirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB08190	N-[2-(2-iodo-5-methoxy-1H-indol-3-yl)ethyl]acetamide	experimental			
DB08191	4-(5-phenyl-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-3-yl)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB08192	2-(4-CARCOXY-5-ISOPROPYLTHIAZOLYL)BENZOPIPERIDINE	experimental			
DB08193	2-(3-NITROPHENYL)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08194	4-methyl-7,8-dihydro-5H-thiopyrano[4,3-d]pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08195	(1R)-2-[(CYANOMETHYL)AMINO]-1-({[2-(DIFLUOROMETHOXY)BENZYL]SULFONYL}METHYL)-2-OXOETHYL MORPHOLINE-4-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB08196	2-((3',5'-DIMETHOXY-4'-HYDROXYPHENYL)AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08197	(5E,7S)-2-amino-7-(4-fluoro-2-pyridin-3-ylphenyl)-4-methyl-7,8-dihydroquinazolin-5(6H)-one oxime	experimental			
DB08198	[(4R)-4-(3-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1,6-DIMETHYL-2-THIOXO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROPYRIMIDIN-5-YL](PHENYL)METHANONE	experimental			
DB08199	N-[(BENZYLOXY)CARBONYL]-L-CYSTEINYLGLYCINE	experimental			
DB08200	(1R)-menthyl hexyl phosphonate group	experimental			
DB08201	(1S)-menthyl hexyl phosphonate group	experimental			
DB08202	4-({[(4-METHYLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)AMINO]CARBONOTHIOYL}AMINO)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08203	7-[2-METHOXY-1-(METHOXYMETHYL)ETHYL]-7H-PYRROLO[3,2-F] QUINAZOLINE-1,3-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08204	3-DIPHENOL-6-NITRO-3H-BENZO[DE]ISOCHROMEN-1-ONE	experimental			
DB08205	4-(1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL)-2,6-DIMETHYLPHENOL	experimental			
DB08206	4-(1,3-BENZOXAZOL-2-YL)-2,6-DIBROMOPHENOL	experimental			
DB08207	2-(3,5-DIMETHYLPHENYL)-1,3-BENZOXAZOLE	experimental			
DB08208	2-[(4-ETHYNYL-2-FLUOROPHENYL)AMINO]-3,4-DIFLUORO-N-(2-HYDROXYETHOXY)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08209	Methyl red	experimental			
DB08210	2-AMINO-4-FLUORO-5-[(1-METHYL-1H-IMIDAZOL-2-YL)SULFANYL]-N-(1,3-THIAZOL-2-YL)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08211	5-bromo-3-(pyrrolidin-1-ylsulfonyl)-1H-indole-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08212	1-[2-(3-ACETYL-2-HYDROXY-6-METHOXY-PHENYL)-CYCLOPROPYL]-3-(5-CYANO-PYRIDIN-2-YL)-THIOUREA	experimental			
DB08213	1-METHYL-5-(2-PHENOXYMETHYL-PYRROLIDINE-1-SULFONYL)-1H-INDOLE-2,3-DIONE	experimental			
DB08214	4-(1H-IMIDAZOL-1-YL)PHENOL	experimental			
DB08215	Terbutryn	experimental			
DB08216	2-((3'-TERTBUTYL-4'-HYDROXYPHENYL)AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08217	S-[(1-Hydroxy-2,2,5,5-tetramethyl-2,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrol-3-yl)methyl] methanesulfonothioate	experimental			
DB08218	HYDROXY(OXO)(3-{[(2Z)-4-[3-(1H-1,2,4-TRIAZOL-1-YLMETHYL)PHENYL]PYRIMIDIN-2(5H)-YLIDENE]AMINO}PHENYL)AMMONIUM	experimental			
DB08219	4-Methyl-5-[(2Z)-2-{[4-(4-morpholinyl)phenyl]imino}-2,5-dihydro-4-pyrimidinyl]-1,3-thiazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB08220	(8alpha,10alpha,13alpha,17beta)-17-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)carbonyl]androsta-3,5-diene-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08221	N-{4-METHYL-3-[(3-PYRIMIDIN-4-YLPYRIDIN-2-YL)AMINO]PHENYL}-3-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08222	METHOXYUNDECYLPHOSPHINIC ACID	experimental			
DB08223	N-{(1S,2R)-1-BENZYL-3-[(CYCLOPROPYLMETHYL)(2-FURYLSULFONYL)AMINO]-2-HYDROXYPROPYL}-N'-METHYLSUCCINAMIDE	experimental			
DB08224	(1S,7S,8S,8AR)-1,2,3,7,8,8A-HEXAHYDRO-7-METHYL-8-[2-[(2R,4R)-TETRAHYDRO-4-HY DROXY-6-OXO-2H-PYRAN-2-YL]ETHYL]-1-NAPHTHALENOL	experimental			
DB08226	Myxopyronin B	experimental			
DB08227	1-(1-HYDROXY-2,2,6,6-TETRAMETHYLPIPERIDIN-4-YL)PYRROLIDINE-2,5-DIONE	experimental			
DB08228	5,8-dimethoxy-1,4-dimethylquinolin-2(1H)-one	experimental			
DB08229	[N-(3-dibenzylcarbamoyl-oxiranecarbonyl)-hydrazino]-acetic acid	experimental			
DB08230	Tricetin	experimental			
DB08231	Myristic acid	experimental		Fatty Acid Biosynthesis	
DB08232	[5-(5-Amino-1H-pyrrolo[3,2-b]pyridin-2-yl)-6-hydroxy-3'-nitro-3-biphenylyl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB08233	6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHYLOXY-2-(4'-HYDROXYANILINO)PURINE	experimental			
DB08234	5-[3-(2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)prop-1-yn-1-yl]-6-ethylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08235	N-[2-(2-methyl-1H-indol-3-yl)ethyl]thiophene-2-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08236	(2S)-2-(3-bromophenyl)-3-(5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl)-1,3-thiazolidin-4-one	experimental			
DB08237	2'-deoxy-N-(naphthalen-1-ylmethyl)guanosine 5'-(dihydrogen phosphate)	experimental			
DB08238	5-aminonaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB08239	(2S)-4-(2,5-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-N-METHYL-2-PHENYL-N-PIPERIDIN-4-YL-2,5-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRROLE-1-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08240	N-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-3-(PHOSPHONOOXY)NAPHTHALENE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08241	4-(6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY-9H-PURIN-2-YLAMINO)--BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08242	N,4-dimethyl-3-[(1-phenyl-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-yl)amino]benzamide	experimental			
DB08244	(1S)-1-CYCLOPROPYL-2-[(2S)-4-(2,5-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-2-PHENYL-2,5-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRROL-1-YL]-2-OXOETHANAMINE	experimental			
DB08245	1-(2-DEOXY-5-O-PHOSPHONO-BETA-D-ERYTHRO-PENTOFURANOSYL)-5-NITRO-1H-INDOLE	experimental			
DB08246	(2S)-4-(2,5-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-N,N-DIMETHYL-2-PHENYL-2,5-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRROLE-1-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08247	6-(CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY)-8-ISOPROPYL-9H-PURIN-2-AMINE	experimental			
DB08248	3-(6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY-9H-PURIN-2-YLAMINO)-BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08249	3,6,9,12,15-PENTAOXATRICOSAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB08250	(5S)-5-(3-AMINOPROPYL)-3-(2,5-DIFLUOROPHENYL)-N-ETHYL-5-PHENYL-4,5-DIHYDRO-1H-PYRAZOLE-1-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08251	4-[5-(2-CARBOXY-1-FORMYL-ETHYLCARBAMOYL)-PYRIDIN-3-YL]-BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08252	2-((4'-HYDROXYNAPHTHYL)-AZO)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08253	NAM NAPTHYLAMINOALANINE	experimental			
DB08254	2-Naphthalenesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB08255	(3AR,5R,6S,7R,7AR)-5-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-2-PROPYL-5,6,7,7A-TETRAHYDRO-3AH-PYRANO[3,2-D][1,3]THIAZOLE-6,7-DIOL	experimental			
DB08256	N-[(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)CARBONYL]GLYCINE	experimental			
DB08257	4-{[(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}BUTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08258	6-{[(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08259	7-{[(CYCLOHEXYLAMINO)CARBONYL]AMINO}HEPTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08260	(1S,2R,3S,4R,5R)-2,3,4-trihydroxy-N-octyl-6-oxa-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-8-carbothioamide	experimental	(1S,2R,3S,4R,5R)-2,3,4-trihydroxy-N-octyl-6-oxa-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-8-carbothioamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the oxepanes. These are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is an a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. This drug targets the protein beta-glucosidase A.		
DB08261	2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-5-methyl-naphthalene-1-carboxylic acid meso-2,5-dihydroxy-cyclopent-3-enyl ester	experimental	2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-5-methyl-naphthalene-1-carboxylic acid meso-2,5-dihydroxy-cyclopent-3-enyl ester is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenecarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are compounds containing a napthalene moiety with a ring carbon which bears a carboxylic acid group or a derivative. This drug targets the protein neocarzinostatin.		
DB08262	2,6-dicarboxynaphthalene	experimental	2,6-dicarboxynaphthalene is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenecarboxylic acids. These are compounds containing a napthalene moiety with a ring carbon which bears a carboxylic acid group. This drug targets the proteins hemoglobin subunit alpha and hemoglobin subunit beta.		
DB08263	N-(carboxycarbonyl)-D-phenylalanine	experimental	N-(carboxycarbonyl)-D-phenylalanine is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. It targets the protein hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha inhibitor.		
DB08264	(1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene	experimental	(1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenes. These are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. Known drug targets of (1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene include naphthalene 1,2-dioxygenase subunit beta and naphthalene 1,2-dioxygenase subunit alpha.		
DB08265	2-(TOLUENE-4-SULFONYL)-2H-BENZO[D][1,2,3]DIAZABORININ-1-OL	experimental			
DB08266	Methyl [(1E,5R)-5-{3-[(2E,4E)-2,5-dimethyl-2,4-octadienoyl]-2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-6-yl}hexylidene]carbamate	experimental			
DB08267	6-amino-4-(2-phenylethyl)-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental	6-amino-4-(2-phenylethyl)-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one is a solid. This compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. It is known to target queuine tRNA-ribosyltransferase.		
DB08268	6-AMINO-4-[2-(4-METHYLPHENYL)ETHYL]-1,7-DIHYDRO-8H-IMIDAZO[4,5-G]QUINAZOLIN-8-ONE	experimental			
DB08270	N-(2-AMINOETHYL)-N~2~-{(1S)-1-[4'-(AMINOSULFONYL)BIPHENYL-4-YL]-2,2,2-TRIFLUOROETHYL}-L-LEUCINAMIDE	experimental			
DB08271	N-ISOBUTYL-N-[4-METHOXYPHENYLSULFONYL]GLYCYL HYDROXAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08272	(4S)-4-(2-NAPHTHYLMETHYL)-D-GLUTAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08273	4-HYDROXY-5-IODO-3-NITROPHENYLACETYL-EPSILON-AMINOCAPROIC ACID ANION	experimental			
DB08274	6,7,8,9-TETRAHYDRO-4-HYDROXY-3-(1-PHENYLPROPYL)CYCLOHEPTA[B]PYRAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08275	N-DODECANOYL-L-TYROSINE	experimental			
DB08276	trifluoro-[hydroxy-[hydroxy-[2-(N-methyl-2-nitro-anilino)ethoxy]phosphoryl]oxy-phosphoryl]oxy-beryllium(1-)	experimental			
DB08277	2-(2-CHLORO-4-FLUOROPHENOXY)-2-METHYL-N-[(1R,2S,3S,5S,7S)-5-(METHYLSULFONYL)-2-ADAMANTYL]PROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB08278	1-(2-cyclopropylethyl)-3-(1,1-dioxo-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazin-3-yl)-6-fluoro-4-hydroxy-2(1H)-quinolinone	experimental			
DB08279	3-{ISOPROPYL[(TRANS-4-METHYLCYCLOHEXYL)CARBONYL]AMINO}-5-PHENYLTHIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08280	(1S,3R,4S,5S,7S)-4-{[2-(4-METHOXYPHENOXY)-2-METHYLPROPANOYL]AMINO}ADAMANTANE-1-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08281	O-[2-(1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)ethyl] (4-bromophenyl)thiocarbamate	experimental			
DB08282	O-[2-(1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)ethyl] (4-chlorophenyl)thiocarbamate	experimental			
DB08283	(2R,3R,4R,5S)-2-(HYDROXYMETHYL)-1-NONYLPIPERIDINE-3,4,5-TRIOL	experimental			
DB08284	O-[2-(1,3-dioxo-1,3-dihydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl)ethyl] (4-iodophenyl)thiocarbamate	experimental			
DB08285	(2R)-2-{[4-(benzylamino)-8-(1-methylethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a][1,3,5]triazin-2-yl]amino}butan-1-ol	experimental			
DB08286	1-Naphthoxyacetic acid	experimental			
DB08287	(1R,2R)-N-(2-Aminoethyl)-2-{[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]methyl}cyclohexanecarboxamide	experimental			
DB08288	CYCLOHEXYL-NORSTATINE	experimental			
DB08289	N-(PARA-GLUTARAMIDOPHENYL-ETHYL)-PIPERIDINIUM-N-OXIDE	experimental			
DB08291	N-(3-AMINOPROPYL)-2-NITROBENZENAMINE	experimental			
DB08292	(5Z)-12-CHLORO-13,15-DIHYDROXY-4,7,8,9-TETRAHYDRO-2-BENZOXACYCLOTRIDECINE-1,10(3H,11H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08293	(5E)-12-CHLORO-13,15-DIHYDROXY-4,7,8,9-TETRAHYDRO-2-BENZOXACYCLOTRIDECINE-1,10(3H,11H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08294	2-(4-HYDROXY-3-NITROPHENYL)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08295	4-HYDROXY-3-NITROPHENYLACETYL-EPSILON-AMINOCAPROIC ACID ANION	experimental			
DB08296	5-(PARA-NITROPHENYL PHOSPHONATE)-PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08297	ORTHONITROPHENYL-BETA-D-FUCOPYRANOSIDE	experimental			
DB08299	4-[8-(3-nitrophenyl)-1,7-naphthyridin-6-yl]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB08300	1-methyl-3-naphthalen-2-yl-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08301	N-({[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]AMINO}CARBONYL)-4-METHYLBENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08302	3-[5-(2-nitropent-1-en-1-yl)furan-2-yl]benzoic acid	experimental			
DB08303	(3S)-3-cyclopentyl-6-methyl-7-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide	experimental			
DB08304	(3R)-3-cyclopentyl-7-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,2-benzothiazine 1,1-dioxide	experimental			
DB08305	(3R)-3-cyclopentyl-6-methyl-7-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,2-benzothiazine 1,1-dioxide	experimental			
DB08306	3-[(3-Nitrophenyl)sulfamoyl]-2-thiophenecarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08307	2-{HYDROXY[2-NITRO-4-(TRIFLUOROMETHYL)PHENYL]METHYLENE}CYCLOHEXANE-1,3-DIONE	experimental			
DB08308	SUCCINIC ACID MONO-(13-METHYL-3-OXO-2,3,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17-TETRADECAHYDRO-1H-CYCLOPENTA[A]PHENANTHREN-17-YL) ESTER	experimental			
DB08309	3-({2-[(4-{[6-(CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY)-9H-PURIN-2-YL]AMINO}PHENYL)SULFONYL]ETHYL}AMINO)PROPAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB08310	N-[(2R)-2-{[(2S)-2-(1,3-benzoxazol-2-yl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]carbonyl}hexyl]-N-hydroxyformamide	experimental			
DB08312	6-CYCLOHEXYLMETHYLOXY-5-NITROSO-PYRIMIDINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08313	Nocodazole	experimental	Nocodazole is an antineoplastic agent which exerts its effect by depolymerizing microtubules.		
DB08314	(2-AMINO-1,3-OXAZOL-5-YL)-(3-BROMOPHENYL)METHANONE	experimental			
DB08315	2-AMINO-N,N-BIS(PHENYLMETHYL)-1,3-OXAZOLE-5-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08316	4-amino-7,7-dimethyl-7,8-dihydroquinazolin-5(6H)-one	experimental			
DB08317	5-methyl-6-phenylquinazoline-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08318	6-(2-phenoxyethoxy)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08319	2'-HYDROXY-1,1'-BIPHENYL-2-SULFINIC ACID	experimental			
DB08320	DIETHYL (1R,2S,3R,4S)-5,6-BIS(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-7-OXABICYCLO[2.2.1]HEPT-5-ENE-2,3-DICARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB08321	(1S,2S,3R,6R)-4-(hydroxymethyl)-6-(octylamino)cyclohex-4-ene-1,2,3-triol	experimental			
DB08322	2-DEOXY-3,4-BIS-O-[3-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)PROPANOYL]-L-THREO-PENTARIC ACID	experimental			
DB08323	3-OXO-N-[(3S)-2-OXOPYRROLIDIN-3-YL]DODECANAMIDE	experimental			
DB08324	N-3-OXO-DODECANOYL-L-HOMOSERINE LACTONE	experimental			
DB08325	2-({6-[(3-Chlorophenyl)amino]-9-isopropyl-9H-purin-2-yl}amino)ethanol	experimental			
DB08326	2-(6-HYDROXY-1,3-BENZOTHIAZOL-2-YL)-1,3-THIAZOL-4(5H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08327	Homogentisic acid	experimental		Phenylketonuria,Tyrosine Metabolism,Tyrosinemia Type I,Tyrosinemia Type 3 (TYRO3),Disulfiram Action Pathway,Phenylalanine and Tyrosine Metabolism,Alkaptonuria,Hawkinsinuria,Tyrosinemia Type 2 (or Richner-Hanhart Syndrome),Tyrosinemia, Transient, of the Newborn,Dopamine beta-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Monoamine Oxidase-A Deficiency (MAO-A)	
DB08328	PANTOTHENYL-AMINOETHANOL-11-PIVALIC ACID	experimental			
DB08329	Sulthiame	approved			
DB08330	METHYL (2Z)-3-METHOXY-2-{2-[(E)-2-PHENYLVINYL]PHENYL}ACRYLATE	experimental			
DB08331	N-1H-imidazol-2-yl-N'-[4-(1H-imidazol-2-ylamino)phenyl]benzene-1,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08332	9-(2-carboxyethyl)-10-methylanthracene endoperoxide	experimental			
DB08333	4-HYDROXYBENZALDEHYDE O-(CYCLOHEXYLCARBONYL)OXIME	experimental			
DB08334	3-FLUORO-4-HYDROXYBENZALDEHYDE O-(CYCLOHEXYLCARBONYL)OXIME	experimental			
DB08335	4-HYDROXYBENZALDEHYDE O-(3,3-DIMETHYLBUTANOYL)OXIME	experimental			
DB08336	2-Methyl-2-propanyl [(1R)-2-methyl-1-(1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)propyl]carbamate	experimental			
DB08337	2-Methyl-2-propanyl [(1S)-2-methyl-1-(1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl)propyl]carbamate	experimental			
DB08338	19-(cyclopropylamino)-4,6,7,15-tetrahydro-5H-16,1-(azenometheno)-10,14-(metheno)pyrazolo[4,3-o][1,3,9]triazacyclohexadecin-8(9H)-one	experimental			
DB08339	PD-166326	experimental			
DB08340	N,N'-DIPHENYLPYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08341	4-{[4-{[(1R,2R)-2-(dimethylamino)cyclopentyl]amino}-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyrimidin-2-yl]amino}-N-methylbenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08342	S-palmitoyl-L-cysteine	experimental			
DB08344	4-chloro-N-(3-methoxypropyl)-N-[(3S)-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidin-3-yl]benzamide	experimental			
DB08345	4-(2-(1H-IMIDAZOL-4-YL)ETHYLAMINO)-2-(PHENYLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZINE-8-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08346	(5Z)-13-CHLORO-14,16-DIHYDROXY-3,4,7,8,9,10-HEXAHYDRO-1H-2-BENZOXACYCLOTETRADECINE-1,11(12H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08347	4-{[(2S)-3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropyl]oxy}-3H-indole-2-carbonitrile	experimental			
DB08348	N~2~,N~2~-DIMETHYL-N~1~-(6-OXO-5,6-DIHYDROPHENANTHRIDIN-2-YL)GLYCINAMIDE	experimental			
DB08349	N-cyclopropyl-3-{[1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-7-methyl-6-oxo-6,7-dihydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridin-4-yl]amino}-4-methylbenzamide	experimental			
DB08350	5-[3-(2-METHOXYPHENYL)-1H-PYRROLO[2,3-B]PYRIDIN-5-YL]-N,N-DIMETHYLPYRIDINE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08351	N-cyclopropyl-4-methyl-3-{2-[(2-morpholin-4-ylethyl)amino]quinazolin-6-yl}benzamide	experimental			
DB08352	6-[4-(2-fluorophenyl)-1,3-oxazol-5-yl]-N-(1-methylethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-2-amine	experimental			
DB08353	2-(CYCLOHEXYLMETHYLAMINO)-4-(PHENYLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZINE-8-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08354	2-(4-CHLOROBENZYLAMINO)-4-(PHENYLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZINE-8-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08355	1-methyl-8-(phenylamino)-4,5-dihydro-1H-pyrazolo[4,3-h]quinazoline-3-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08356	4-[4-(4-methoxyphenyl)-5-methyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB08357	Diethylene glycol diethyl ether	experimental			
DB08358	2-(2-QUINOLIN-3-YLPYRIDIN-4-YL)-1,5,6,7-TETRAHYDRO-4H-PYRROLO[3,2-C]PYRIDIN-4-ONE	experimental			
DB08359	2-PHENYLAMINO-4-METHYL-5-ACETYL THIAZOLE	experimental			
DB08360	2-(4-ETHYLPIPERAZIN-1-YL)-4-(PHENYLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZINE-8-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08361	2-{[(1R,2S)-2-aminocyclohexyl]amino}-4-[(3-methylphenyl)amino]pyrimidine-5-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08362	N-(3-(8-CYANO-4-(PHENYLAMINO)PYRAZOLO[1,5-A][1,3,5]TRIAZIN-2-YLAMINO)PHENYL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08363	1-(9-ethyl-9H-carbazol-3-yl)-N-methylmethanamine	experimental			
DB08364	1-{[(1E)-(3-HYDROXY-2-METHYL-5-{[(TRIHYDROXY-LAMBDA^5^-PHOSPHANYL)OXY]METHYL}PYRIDIN-4-YL)METHYLIDENE]AMINO}UNDECAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08365	8-bromo-4-(2-chlorophenyl)-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-6-methyl-1,3-dioxo-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyrrolo[3,4-e]indole-7-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08366	3-({3-[(1S,4aS,6S,7S,9S,9aR)-1,6-dimethyl-2-oxodecahydro-6,9-epoxy-4a,7-methanobenzo[7]annulen-1-yl]propanoyl}amino)-2,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid	experimental			
DB08367	(R)-2-(FORMYLOXY)-3-(PHOSPHONOOXY)PROPYL PENTANOATE	experimental			
DB08368	OCTANE-1,3,5,7-TETRACARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08369	1-(biphenyl-4-ylmethyl)-1H-imidazole	experimental			
DB08370	S-(4-BROMOBENZYL)CYSTEINE	experimental			
DB08371	p-Benzoyl-L-phenylalanine	experimental			
DB08372	1-[2-(4-ETHOXY-3-FLUOROPYRIDIN-2-YL)ETHYL]-3-(5-METHYLPYRIDIN-2-YL)THIOUREA	experimental			
DB08373	4,4'-BIS([H]METHYLSULFONYL)-2,2',5,5'-TETRACHLOROBIPHENYL	experimental			
DB08374	Phenylalanylmethylchloride	experimental			
DB08375	(2R)-2-[(1R)-1-[[(2Z)-2-(2-Amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-methoxyiminoacetyl]amino]-2-oxoethyl]-5-methylidene-2H-1,3-thiazine-4-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08376	(2R)-3-(phosphonooxy)propane-1,2-diyl diheptanoate	experimental			
DB08377	N-[4-(4-nitrophenylphospho)butanoyl]-D-alanine	experimental			
DB08378	4-[4-(2,5-DIOXO-PYRROLIDIN-1-YL)-PHENYLAMINO]-4-HYDROXY-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB08379	6-(4-chloro-2-fluoro-3-phenoxybenzyl)pyridazin-3(2H)-one	experimental			
DB08382	Gosogliptin	investigational	Gosogliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Renal Insufficiency, Chronic.		
DB08383	4,5-bis(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-thiophen-2-yl-1H-imidazole	experimental			
DB08384	2-({4-[4-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]phenoxy}methyl)quinoline	experimental			
DB08385	4-(quinolin-3-ylmethyl)piperidine-1-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08386	2-{[4-(4-pyridin-4-yl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)phenoxy]methyl}quinoline	experimental			
DB08387	Mardepodect	investigational			
DB08388	5-(2-ETHOXYETHYL)-5-[4-(4-FLUOROPHENOXY)PHENOXY]PYRIMIDINE-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-TRIONE	experimental			
DB08389	6,7-DIMETHOXY-4-[(3R)-3-(2-NAPHTHYLOXY)PYRROLIDIN-1-YL]QUINAZOLINE	experimental			
DB08390	(6S)-6-CYCLOPENTYL-6-[2-(3-FLUORO-4-ISOPROPOXYPHENYL)ETHYL]-4-HYDROXY-5,6-DIHYDRO-2H-PYRAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08391	PQ-10	experimental			
DB08392	2-[5,6-BIS-(4-METHOXY-PHENYL)-FURO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YLAMINO]-ETHANOL	experimental			
DB08393	2-[(5,6-DIPHENYLFURO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4-YL)AMINO]ETHANOL	experimental			
DB08394	PARA-NITROPHENYLPHOSPHONOBUTANOYL-GLYCINE	experimental			
DB08395	2-(ETHOXYMETHYL)-4-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-3-[2-(2-HYDROXYPHENOXY)PYRIMIDIN-4-YL]ISOXAZOL-5(2H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08396	4-{[(Z)-(5-oxo-2-phenyl-1,3-oxazol-4(5H)-ylidene)methyl]amino}butanoic acid	experimental			
DB08397	6-(DIFLUORO-PHOSPHONO-METHYL)-NAPHTHALENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08398	2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine	investigational	PhIP (2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine) has been used in trials studying the basic science of Pancreas Cancer.		
DB08399	Piceatannol	experimental			
DB08400	4-(3-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}benzyl)piperidine-1-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08401	(2E)-2-({(2S)-2-CARBOXY-2-[(PHENOXYACETYL)AMINO]ETHOXY}IMINO)PENTANEDIOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08402	2-[(2,4-DICHLOROBENZOYL)AMINO]-5-(PYRIMIDIN-2-YLOXY)BENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08403	METHYLAMINO-PHENYLALANYL-LEUCYL-HYDROXAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08404	S-(2-{[N-(2-HYDROXY-4-{[HYDROXY(OXIDO)PHOSPHINO]OXY}-3,3-DIMETHYLBUTANOYL)-BETA-ALANYL]AMINO}ETHYL) HEXANETHIOATE	experimental			
DB08405	S-(2-{[N-(2-HYDROXY-4-{[HYDROXY(OXIDO)PHOSPHINO]OXY}-3,3-DIMETHYLBUTANOYL)-BETA-ALANYL]AMINO}ETHYL) HEPTANETHIOATE	experimental			
DB08406	[N-(2,4-DIAMINOPTERIDIN-6-YL)-METHYL]-DIBENZ[B,F]AZEPINE	experimental			
DB08407	Platensimycin	experimental			
DB08408	(3R)-3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethyl-4-oxo-4-({3-oxo-3-[(2-sulfanylethyl)amino]propyl}amino)butyl 2,2-dimethylpropanoate	experimental			
DB08409	4-NITRO-BENZYLPHOSPHONOBUTANOYL-GLYCINE	experimental			
DB08410	PARA-NITROBENZYL GLUTARYL GLYCINIC ACID	experimental			
DB08411	N-[4-(4-nitrophenylphospho)butanoyl]-L-alanine	experimental			
DB08412	6-{4-[HYDROXY-(4-NITRO-PHENOXY)-PHOSPHORYL]-BUTYRYLAMINO}-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08413	METHYL-PHOSPHONIC ACID MONO-(4-NITRO-PHENYL) ESTER	experimental			
DB08414	PNU-142721	experimental			
DB08416	(9BETA,13ALPHA,14BETA,17ALPHA)-2-METHOXYESTRA-1,3,5(10)-TRIENE-3,17-DIYL DISULFAMATE	experimental			
DB08418	(4aS,4bR,10bS,12aS)-12a-methyl-1,3-dioxo-2-(pyridin-3-ylmethyl)-1,2,3,4,4a,4b,5,6,10b,11,12,12a-dodecahydronaphtho[2,1-f]isoquinolin-8-yl sulfamate	experimental			
DB08419	(1S)-1-(PHENOXYMETHYL)PROPYL METHYLPHOSPHONOCHLORIDOATE	experimental			
DB08420	1-{[1-(2-AMINO-3-PHENYL-PROPIONYL)-PYRROLIDINE-2-CARBONYL]-AMINO}-2-(3-CYANO-PHENYL)-ETHANEBORONIC ACID	experimental			
DB08421	PIPERIDINE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID TERT-BUTYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB08422	[PHENYLALANINYL-PROLINYL]-[2-(PYRIDIN-4-YLAMINO)-ETHYL]-AMINE	experimental			
DB08423	[5-AMINO-1-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL][3-(PIPERIDIN-4-YLOXY)PHENYL]METHANONE	experimental			
DB08424	[5-AMINO-1-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-4-YL](3-{[(2R)-2,3-DIHYDROXYPROPYL]OXY}PHENYL)METHANONE	experimental			
DB08426	THIENO[3,2-B]PYRIDINE-2-SULFONIC ACID [2-OXO-1-(1H-PYRROLO[2,3-C]PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHYL)-PYRROLIDIN-3-YL]-AMIDE	experimental			
DB08427	Prephenic acid	experimental			
DB08428	3(S)-AMINO-4-PHENYL-BUTAN-2(S)-OL	experimental			
DB08429	N-({(2S)-1-[(3R)-3-amino-4-(3-chlorophenyl)butanoyl]pyrrolidin-2-yl}methyl)-3-(methylsulfonyl)benzamide	experimental			
DB08430	PARA-NITROPHENYL 1-THIO-BETA-D-GLUCOPYRANOSIDE	experimental			
DB08431	[(3R,4S)-4-HYDROXY-3-METHYL-2-OXOHEXYL]PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB08432	THYMIDINE-5'-THIOPHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB08433	phenyl ethenesulfonate	experimental			
DB08434	2-METHYLCARBAMOYL-3-(4-PHOSPHONOOXY-PHENYL)-CYCLOPROPANECARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08435	(5E,14E)-11-oxoprosta-5,9,12,14-tetraen-1-oic acid	experimental			
DB08436	8-BENZO[1,3]DIOXOL-,5-YLMETHYL-9-BUTYL-9H-	experimental			
DB08437	Puromycin	experimental	Puromycin is an antibiotic that prevents bacterial protein translation. It is utilized as a selective agent in laboratory cell cultures. Puromycin is toxic to both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells, resulting in significant cell death at appropriate doses.		
DB08438	(2E,4R,5S)-2,3,4,5-TETRAHYDROXY-6-(PALMITOYLOXY)HEX-2-ENOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08439	Parecoxib	approved	Parecoxib is a water-soluble and injectable prodrug of valdecoxib. It is marketed as Dynastat in the European Union. Parecoxib is a COX2 selective inhibitor in the same category as celecoxib (Celebrex) and rofecoxib (Vioxx). As it is injectable, it can be used perioperatively when patients are unable to take oral medications. It is approved through much of Europe for short term perioperative pain control much in the same way ketorolac (Toradol) is used in the United States. A letter of non-approval for parecoxib was issued by the FDA in 2005.		
DB08440	N-1,10-phenanthrolin-5-ylacetamide	experimental			
DB08441	6-BROMO-13-THIA-2,4,8,12,19-PENTAAZATRICYCLO[12.3.1.1~3,7~]NONADECA-1(18),3(19),4,6,14,16-HEXAENE 13,13-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB08442	4-{[(2R)-2-(2-methylphenyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]carbonyl}benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB08443	2-(1H-pyrrol-1-ylcarbonyl)benzene-1,3,5-triol	experimental			
DB08444	3-[2-bromo-4-(1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridazin-3-ylmethyl)phenoxy]-5-methylbenzonitrile	experimental			
DB08445	(3R,4S)-1-[6-(6-METHOXYPYRIDIN-3-YL)PYRIMIDIN-4-YL]-4-(2,4,5-TRIFLUOROPHENYL)PYRROLIDIN-3-AMINE	experimental			
DB08446	3-[6-bromo-2-fluoro-3-(1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridazin-3-ylmethyl)phenoxy]-5-chlorobenzonitrile	experimental			
DB08447	3-{3-[(DIMETHYLAMINO)METHYL]-1H-INDOL-7-YL}PROPAN-1-OL	experimental			
DB08448	(4aS)-5-[(2,4-diaminopteridin-6-yl)methyl]-4a,5-dihydro-2H-dibenzo[b,f]azepin-8-ol	experimental			
DB08449	2-(3-((4,5,7-trifluorobenzo[d]thiazol-2-yl)methyl)-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-1-yl)acetic acid	experimental			
DB08450	N-1H-indazol-5-yl-2-(6-methylpyridin-2-yl)quinazolin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08451	N-(QUINOLIN-8-YL)METHANESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08453	2-Nonyl-4-quinolinol 1-oxide	experimental			
DB08454	N-(5-METHYL-1H-PYRAZOL-3-YL)-2-PHENYLQUINAZOLIN-4-AMINE	experimental			
DB08455	Ro 12-7310	experimental			
DB08456	S-[(1-Hydroxy-2,2,5,5-tetramethyl-4-phenyl-2,5-dihydro-1H-pyrrol-3-yl)methyl] methanesulfonothioate	experimental			
DB08457	4-(3,5-DIMETHYLPHENOXY)-5-(FURAN-2-YLMETHYLSULFANYLMETHYL)-3-IODO-6-METHYLPYRIDIN-2(1H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08458	(4-BROMOPHENYL)[4-({(2E)-4-[CYCLOPROPYL(METHYL)AMINO]BUT-2-ENYL}OXY)PHENYL]METHANONE	experimental			
DB08459	3-chloro-5-[2-chloro-5-(1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridin-3-ylmethoxy)phenoxy]benzonitrile	experimental			
DB08460	MK-4965	experimental	MK-4965 is an HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor.		
DB08461	3-[(4-AMINO-1-TERT-BUTYL-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-D]PYRIMIDIN-3-YL)METHYL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB08462	N-(4-PHENYLAMINO-QUINAZOLIN-6-YL)-ACRYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB08463	(2R)-2-({9-(1-methylethyl)-6-[(4-pyridin-2-ylbenzyl)amino]-9H-purin-2-yl}amino)butan-1-ol	experimental			
DB08464	METHYL 3-CHLORO-2-{3-[(2,5-DIHYDROXY-4-METHOXYPHENYL)AMINO]-3-OXOPROPYL}-4,6-DIHYDROXYBENZOATE	experimental			
DB08465	2-(3-AMINO-2,5,6-TRIMETHOXYPHENYL)ETHYL 5-CHLORO-2,4-DIHYDROXYBENZOATE	experimental			
DB08466	5-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]benzene-1,3-diol	experimental			
DB08467	6-(2,3,4,5,6,7-HEXAHYDRO-2,4,4-TRIMETHYL-1-METYLENEINDEN-2-YL)-3-METHYLHEXA-2,4-DIENOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08469	tert-butyl 4-(3-thiophen-2-yl-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5-yl)piperidine-1-carboxylate	experimental			
DB08470	3-(4-fluorophenyl)-5-phenyl-4H-1,2,4-triazole	experimental			
DB08471	1-(thiophen-2-ylacetyl)-4-(3-thiophen-2-yl-1,2,4-oxadiazol-5-yl)piperidine	experimental			
DB08472	(R)-Fluoxetine	experimental	An N-methyl-3-phenyl-3-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]propan-1-amine that has R configuration (the antidepressant drug fluoxetine is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-fluoxetine).		
DB08473	Dichlororibofuranosylbenzimidazole	experimental			
DB08474	3-(CARBOXYAMIDE(2-CARBOXYAMIDE-2-TERTBUTYLETHYL))PENTAN	experimental			
DB08475	[(4R)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methyl hydrogen hex-5-enylphosphonate	experimental			
DB08476	3-AMINO-AZACYCLOTRIDECAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08478	N-[2-Chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]imidodicarbonimidic diamide	experimental			
DB08479	N-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)imidodicarbonimidic diamide	experimental			
DB08480	4-HYDROXY-N-PROPARGYL-1(R)-AMINOINDAN	experimental			
DB08481	4-Methyl-N-[5-(5-methyl-furan-2-ylmethylene)-4-oxo-thiazolidin-2-ylidene]-benzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08482	[[1-[N-HYDROXY-ACETAMIDYL]-3-METHYL-BUTYL]-CARBONYL-LEUCINYL]-ALANINE ETHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB08484	4-AMINO-N-[(2-SULFANYLETHYL)CARBAMOYL]BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08485	(1S,4S,5S)-1,4,5-TRIHYDROXY-3-[3-(PHENYLTHIO)PHENYL]CYCLOHEX-2-ENE-1-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08486	Efaproxiral	investigational			
DB08487	3-({4-[(6-CHLORO-1-BENZOTHIEN-2-YL)SULFONYL]-2-OXOPIPERAZIN-1-YL}METHYL)BENZENECARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB08488	4-{[(E)-2-(5-CHLOROTHIEN-2-YL)VINYL]SULFONYL}-1-(1H-PYRROLO[3,2-C]PYRIDIN-2-YLMETHYL)PIPERAZIN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08489	N4-HYDROXY-2-ISOBUTYL-N1-(9-OXO-1,8-DIAZA-TRICYCLO[10.6.1.013,18]NONADECA-12(19),13,15,17-TETRAEN-10-YL)-SUCCINAMIDE	experimental			
DB08490	CTS-1027	experimental,investigational	CTS-1027 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C and Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection.		
DB08491	N-HYDROXY-2-[4-(4-PHENOXY-BENZENESULFONYL)-TETRAHYDRO-PYRAN-4-YL]-ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08492	(2E)-3-(2-OCT-1-YN-1-YLPHENYL)ACRYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08493	5-METHYL-3-(9-OXO-1,8-DIAZA-TRICYCLO[10.6.1.013,18]NONADECA-12(19),13,15,17-TETRAEN-10-YLCARBAMOYL)-HEXANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08494	S-{2-[(2-chloro-4-sulfamoylphenyl)amino]-2-oxoethyl} 6-methyl-3,4-dihydroquinoline-1(2H)-carbothioate	experimental			
DB08495	4-({4-[(6-CHLORO-1-BENZOTHIEN-2-YL)SULFONYL]-2-OXOPIPERAZIN-1-YL}METHYL)BENZENECARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB08496	(R)-warfarin	experimental	Warfarin consists of a racemic mixture of two active enantiomers—R- and S- forms—each of which is cleared by different pathways. S-warfarin is 2-5 times more potent than the R-isomer in producing an anticoagulant response.[A1038]		
DB08497	(1S)-2-oxo-1-phenyl-2-[(1,3,4-trioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-5-yl)amino]ethyl acetate	experimental			
DB08498	(1S)-1-(3-chlorophenyl)-2-oxo-2-[(1,3,4-trioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-5-yl)amino]ethyl acetate	experimental			
DB08499	N-[3-(2-fluoroethoxy)phenyl]-N'-(1,3,4-trioxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-6-yl)butanediamide	experimental			
DB08500	(3S,5R,7R,8S,9S,10R)-7-(hydroxymethyl)-3-(2-naphthyl)-1,6-dioxa-2-azaspiro[4.5]decane-8,9,10-triol	experimental			
DB08501	DIETHYL PROPANE-1,3-DIYLBISCARBAMATE	experimental			
DB08502	Capravirine	investigational			
DB08503	(3S,5R,7R,8S,9S,10R)-7-(hydroxymethyl)-3-(4-methylphenyl)-1,6-dioxa-2-azaspiro[4.5]decane-8,9,10-triol	experimental			
DB08504	6-(4-{(1S,2S)-2-AMINO-1-[(DIMETHYLAMINO)CARBONYL]-3-[(3S)-3-FLUOROPYRROLIDIN-1-YL]-3-OXOPROPYL}PHENYL)-1H-[1,2,4]TRIAZOLO[1,5-A]PYRIDIN-4-IUM	experimental			
DB08505	methyl 4-bromo-N-[8-(hydroxyamino)-8-oxooctanoyl]-L-phenylalaninate	experimental			
DB08506	N-{(2S)-3-[(1R)-1-aminoethyl](hydroxy)phosphoryl-2-benzylpropanoyl}-L-phenylalanine	experimental			
DB08507	N-[[2-METHYL-4-HYDROXYCARBAMOYL]BUT-4-YL-N]-BENZYL-P-[PHENYL]-P-[METHYL]PHOSPHINAMID	experimental			
DB08508	N-BENZOYL-D-ALANINE	experimental			
DB08509	1-[6-(2-CHLORO-4-METHYXYPHENOXY)-HEXYL]-IMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB08510	5-ALPHA-PREGNANE-3-BETA-OL-HEMISUCCINATE	experimental			
DB08511	6-amino-2-methyl-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental			
DB08512	6-amino-2-[(1-naphthylmethyl)amino]-3,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental			
DB08513	[4-({5-(AMINOCARBONYL)-4-[(3-METHYLPHENYL)AMINO]PYRIMIDIN-2-YL}AMINO)PHENYL]ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08514	6-amino-2-[(thiophen-2-ylmethyl)amino]-1,7-dihydro-8H-imidazo[4,5-g]quinazolin-8-one	experimental			
DB08515	(3AR,6R,6AS)-6-((S)-((S)-CYCLOHEX-2-ENYL)(HYDROXY)METHYL)-6A-METHYL-4-OXO-HEXAHYDRO-2H-FURO[3,2-C]PYRROLE-6-CARBALDEHYDE	experimental			
DB08516	(S)-(+)-2-[4-(FLUOROBENZYLOXY-BENZYLAMINO)PROPIONAMIDE]	experimental			
DB08517	Sakuranetin	experimental			
DB08519	N~4~-(3-methyl-1H-indazol-6-yl)-N~2~-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08520	(21S)-1AZA-4,4-DIMETHYL-6,19-DIOXA-2,3,7,20-TETRAOXOBICYCLO[19.4.0] PENTACOSANE	experimental			
DB08521	4-[4-(4-Fluorophenyl)-2-[4-[(R)-methylsulfinyl]phenyl]-1H-imidazol-5-yl]pyridine	experimental			
DB08522	4-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-1-CYCLOROPROPYLMETHYL-5-(4-PYRIDYL)-IMIDAZOLE	experimental			
DB08523	[HYDROXY(3-PHENYLPROPYL)AMINO]METHANOL	experimental			
DB08524	2-(3-BENZOYLPHENOXY)ETHYL(HYDROXY)FORMAMIDE	experimental			
DB08525	HYDROXY[3-(6-METHYLPYRIDIN-2-YL)PROPYL]FORMAMIDE	experimental			
DB08526	CARBOBENZYLOXY-(L)-LEUCINYL-(L)LEUCINYL METHOXYMETHYLKETONE	experimental			
DB08527	1-[4-(AMINOSULFONYL)PHENYL]-1,6-DIHYDROPYRAZOLO[3,4-E]INDAZOLE-3-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08528	2-AMINO-6-(3,5-DIMETHYLPHENYL)SULFONYLBENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB08529	(6E,11E)-HEPTADECA-6,11-DIENE-9,9-DIYLBIS(PHOSPHONIC ACID)	experimental			
DB08530	7-BENZYL-1,3-DIMETHYL-8-PIPERAZIN-1-YL-3,7-DIHYDRO-PURINE-2,6-DIONE	experimental			
DB08531	5-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-N-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08532	6-(2-fluorophenyl)-N-(pyridin-3-ylmethyl)imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazin-8-amine	experimental			
DB08533	3-methyl-N-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazin-8-amine	experimental			
DB08534	5-(2-fluorophenyl)-N-(pyridin-4-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08535	3-bromo-5-phenyl-N-(pyridin-3-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08536	3-bromo-5-phenyl-N-(pyrimidin-5-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08537	3-bromo-6-phenyl-N-(pyrimidin-5-ylmethyl)imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-8-amine	experimental			
DB08538	N-((2-aminopyrimidin-5-yl)methyl)-5-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-3-ethylpyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08539	3-cyclopropyl-5-phenyl-N-(pyridin-3-ylmethyl)pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine	experimental			
DB08540	2-[4-(2H-1,4-BENZOTHIAZINE-3-YL)-PIPERAZINE-1-LY]-1,3-THIAZOLE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID ETHYLESTER	experimental			
DB08541	[(3S)-9-hydroxy-1-methyl-10-oxo-4,10-dihydro-3H-benzo[g]isochromen-3-yl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB08542	3,4-dihydroxy-9,10-secoandrosta-1(10),2,4-triene-9,17-dione	experimental			
DB08543	1-[2-HYDROXY-3-(4-CYCLOHEXYL-PHENOXY)-PROPYL]-4-(2-PYRIDYL)-PIPERAZINE	experimental			
DB08544	(S)-Fluoxetine	experimental	An N-methyl-3-phenyl-3-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]propan-1-amine that has S configuration (the antidepressant drug fluoxetine is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-fluoxetine).		
DB08545	(1S)-1-Phenylethyl (4-acetamidobenzyl)phosphonate	experimental			
DB08546	4-[(3AS,4R,7R,8AS,8BR)-2-(1,3-BENZODIOXOL-5-YLMETHYL)-7-HYDROXY-1,3-DIOXODECAHYDROPYRROLO[3,4-A]PYRROLIZIN-4-YL]BENZENECARBOXIMIDAMIDE	experimental			
DB08547	PROGESTERONE-11-ALPHA-OL-HEMISUCCINATE	experimental			
DB08548	[(4S)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methyl hydrogen hex-5-enylphosphonate	experimental			
DB08549	(3R)-METHYLCARBAMOYL-7-SULFOAMINO-3,4-DIHYDRO-1H-ISOQUINOLINE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID BENZYL ESTER	experimental			
DB08550	7,8-Dichloro-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline	experimental	Potent reversible inhibitor of phenylethanolamine N-methyltransferase.		
DB08551	3-{(R)-(Dihydroxyboryl)[(2-thienylacetyl)amino]methyl}benzoic acid	experimental			
DB08552	(1R)-1-(2-thienylacetylamino)-1-phenylmethylboronic acid	experimental	(1R)-1-(2-thienylacetylamino)-1-phenylmethylboronic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the benzenes and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing at least one benzene ring. This medication targets the protein beta-lactamase.		
DB08553	(1E)-5-(1-piperidin-4-yl-3-pyridin-4-yl-1H-pyrazol-4-yl)-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-one oxime	experimental	(1E)-5-(1-piperidin-4-yl-3-pyridin-4-yl-1h-pyrazol-4-yl)-2,3-dihydro-1h-inden-1-one oxime is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylpyrazoles. These are compounds containing a phenylpyrazole skeleton, which consists of a pyrazole bound to a phenyl group. It targets the protein serine/threonine-protein kinase B-raf.		
DB08554	N-(3-carboxypropanoyl)-L-norvaline	experimental	N-(3-carboxypropanoyl)-L-norvaline is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at his terminal nitrogen atom. This medication is known to target n-acetylornithine carbamoyltransferase and putative ornithine carbamoyltransferase.		
DB08555	1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline	experimental	1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline is a solid. This compound belongs to the isoquinolines and derivatives. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing an isoquinoline moiety, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a pyridine ring and forming benzo[c]pyridine. This medication is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 10.		
DB08556	5'-ACETYL-4-{[(2,4-DIMETHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}-2,2'-BITHIOPHENE-5-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08557	2-[(2-methoxyethyl)amino]-4-(4-oxo-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-9H-carbazol-9-yl)benzamide	experimental			
DB08558	2-HYDROXYMETHYL-6-OCTYLSULFANYL-TETRAHYDRO-PYRAN-3,4,5-TRIOL	experimental			
DB08559	N-[(2S,4S,6R)-2-(dihydroxymethyl)-4-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-7-oxo-4lambda~4~-thia-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-6-yl]-2-phenylacetamide	experimental	N-[(2S,4S,6R)-2-(dihydroxymethyl)-4-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-7-oxo-4lambda~4~-thia-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-6-yl]-2-phenylacetamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the penicillins. These are organic compounds containing the penicillin core structure, which is structurally characterized by a penam ring bearing two methyl groups at position 2, and an amide group at position 6 [starting from the sulfur atom at position 1]. This drug is known to target penicillin G acylase.		
DB08560	3-FLUORO-N-[1-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-3-(2-THIENYL)-1H-PYRAZOL-5-YL]BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08561	BENZYL 6-BENZYL-5,7-DIOXO-6,7-DIHYDRO-5H-[1,3]THIAZOLO[3,2-C]PYRIMIDINE-2-CARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB08562	4-(4-STYRYL-PHENYLCARBAMOYL)-BUTYRIC ACID	experimental			
DB08564	(2E)-N-{4-[(3-bromophenyl)amino]quinazolin-6-yl}-4-(dimethylamino)but-2-enamide	experimental			
DB08565	L-1-naphthyl-2-acetamido-ethane boronic acid	experimental			
DB08566	D-1-naphthyl-2-acetamido-ethane boronic acid	experimental			
DB08568	A-674563	experimental			
DB08569	3-PYRIDIN-4-YL-2,4-DIHYDRO-INDENO[1,2-.C.] PYRAZOLE	experimental			
DB08570	4-(ACETYLAMINO)-3-HYDROXY-5-NITROBENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08571	4-(ACETYLAMINO)-5-AMINO-3-HYDROXYBENZOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08572	4-{[4-AMINO-6-(CYCLOHEXYLMETHOXY)-5-NITROSOPYRIMIDIN-2-YL]AMINO}BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08573	3-[(4-CHLOROANILINO)SULFONYL]THIOPHENE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08574	(5R)-2-sulfanyl-5-[4-(trifluoromethyl)benzyl]-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB08575	2-[(1S)-1-BENZYL-2-SULFANYLETHYL]-1H-IMIDAZO[4,5-C]PYRIDIN-5-IUM	experimental			
DB08576	1-(5-TERT-BUTYL-1,3,4-OXADIAZOL-2-YL)-2-(METHYLAMINO)ETHANONE	experimental			
DB08577	3-[(3-(2-CARBOXYETHYL)-4-METHYLPYRROL-2-YL)METHYLENE]-2-INDOLINONE	experimental			
DB08578	4-[(5-bromopyridin-2-yl)amino]-4-oxobutanoic acid	experimental			
DB08579	4-bromo-2-{[(3R,5S)-3,5-dimethylpiperidin-1-yl]carbonyl}aniline	experimental			
DB08580	4-bromo-2-{[(2R)-2-(2-chlorobenzyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]carbonyl}aniline	experimental			
DB08581	4-[(4-bromo-2-{[(3R,5S)-3,5-dimethylpiperidin-1-yl]carbonyl}phenyl)amino]-4-oxobutanoic acid	experimental			
DB08582	N-(4-bromo-2-{[(3R,5S)-3,5-dimethylpiperidin-1-yl]carbonyl}phenyl)-4-morpholin-4-yl-4-oxobutanamide	experimental			
DB08583	2-amino-5-[3-(1-ethyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridin-5-yl]-N,N-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB08585	S-[2-({N-[(2S)-2-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-4-(phosphonooxy)butanoyl]-beta-alanyl}amino)ethyl] hexanethioate	experimental			
DB08586	S-[2-({N-[(2S)-2-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-4-(phosphonooxy)butanoyl]-beta-alanyl}amino)ethyl] octanethioate	experimental			
DB08587	Sinapic acid	experimental	Sinapic acid is a matrix for matrix-assisted laser desorption technique for protein MW determination. It is also a constituent of propolis.		
DB08588	2-({2-[(3R)-3-AMINOPIPERIDIN-1-YL]-4-OXOQUINAZOLIN-3(4H)-YL}METHYL)BENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB08589	SYRINGATE	experimental			
DB08590	1-(3-HYDROXYPROPYL)-2-[(3-NITROBENZOYL)AMINO]-1H-BENZIMIDAZOL-5-YL PIVALATE	experimental			
DB08591	5-(4-METHOXYBIPHENYL-3-YL)-1,2,5-THIADIAZOLIDIN-3-ONE 1,1-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB08593	1,2,5-THIADIAZOLIDIN-3-ONE-1,1-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB08594	TERT-BUTYL 2-CYANO-2-METHYLHYDRAZINECARBOXYLATE	experimental			
DB08595	4-[(1S,2R,5S)-4,4,8-TRIMETHYL-3-OXABICYCLO[3.3.1]NON-7-EN-2-YL]PHENOL	experimental			
DB08596	5'-deoxy-5'-piperidin-1-ylthymidine	experimental			
DB08597	Dorsomorphin	experimental			
DB08598	R-82913	experimental			
DB08599	N-[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]-D-alanine	experimental			
DB08600	Tivirapine	experimental			
DB08601	Tributyltin	experimental			
DB08602	3-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-2-(methylthio)quinazolin-4(3H)-one	experimental			
DB08603	N-[(1S)-5-amino-1-(chloroacetyl)pentyl]-4-methylbenzenesulfonamide	experimental			
DB08604	Triclosan	approved,investigational	An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes.		
DB08605	6-METHYL-2(PROPANE-1-SULFONYL)-2H-THIENO[3,2-D][1,2,3]DIAZABORININ-1-OL	experimental			
DB08606	(3R,4S)-1-[(4-AMINO-5H-PYRROLO[3,2-D]PYRIMIDIN-7-YL)METHYL]-4-[(METHYLSULFANYL)METHYL]PYRROLIDIN-3-OL	experimental			
DB08607	(5R)-5-(4-{[(2R)-6-HYDROXY-2,5,7,8-TETRAMETHYL-3,4-DIHYDRO-2H-CHROMEN-2-YL]METHOXY}BENZYL)-1,3-THIAZOLIDINE-2,4-DIONE	experimental			
DB08608	4-({(2R,5S)-2,5-DIMETHYL-4-[(2R)-3,3,3-TRIFLUORO-2-HYDROXY-2-METHYLPROPANOYL]PIPERAZIN-1-YL}CARBONYL)BENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB08609	(2R)-N-{4-[Ethyl(phenyl)sulfamoyl]-2-methylphenyl}-3,3,3-trifluoro-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanamide	experimental			
DB08610	N-(2-AMINOETHYL)-2-{3-CHLORO-4-[(4-ISOPROPYLBENZYL)OXY]PHENYL} ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08611	2-[(2',3',4'-TRIFLUOROBIPHENYL-2-YL)OXY]ETHANOL	experimental			
DB08612	1,1,1-TRIFLUORO-3-(OCTYLTHIO)ACETONE	experimental			
DB08613	2,2,2-TRIFLUORO-1-{5-[(3-PHENYL-5,6-DIHYDROIMIDAZO[1,2-A]PYRAZIN-7(8H)-YL)CARBONYL]THIOPHEN-2-YL}ETHANE-1,1-DIOL	experimental			
DB08614	3-[[(METHYLAMINO)SULFONYL]AMINO]-2-OXO-6-PHENYL-N-[3,3,3-TRIFLUORO-1-(1-METHYLETHYL)-2-OXOPHENYL]-1(2H)-PYRIDINE ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08615	2-[4-(DIMETHYLAMINO)PHENYL]-6-HYDROXY-3-METHYL-1,3-BENZOTHIAZOL-3-IUM	experimental			
DB08617	4-(2,2,2-TRIFLUOROETHYL)-L-PHENYLALANINE	experimental			
DB08618	3-(HYDROXY-PHENYL-PHOSPHINOYLOXY)-8-METHYL-8-AZA-BICYCLO[3.2.1]OCTANE-2-CARBOXYLIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB08619	Testosterone succinate	experimental			
DB08620	Thiacloprid	experimental			
DB08621	Thiamphenicol	experimental,investigational			
DB08622	4-(4-CHLORO-PHENYL)-1-{3-[2-(4-FLUORO-PHENYL)-[1,3]DITHIOLAN-2-YL]-PROPYL}-PIPERIDIN-4-OL	experimental			
DB08623	2-[CARBOXY-(2-THIOPHEN-2-YL-ACETYLAMINO)-METHYL]-5-METHYLENE-5,6-DIHYDRO-2H-[1,3]THIAZINE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08624	1-[(4S)-4-amino-5-(1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)-5-oxopentyl]guanidine	experimental			
DB08626	Thiorphan	experimental	A potent inhibitor of membrane metalloendopeptidase (enkephalinase). Thiorphan potentiates morphine-induced analgesia and attenuates naloxone-precipitated withdrawal symptoms.		
DB08627	(5R)-4-HYDROXY-3,5-DIMETHYL-5-[(1E,3E)-2-METHYLPENTA-1,3-DIENYL]THIOPHEN-2(5H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08628	(5R)-5-[(1E)-BUTA-1,3-DIENYL]-4-HYDROXY-3,5-DIMETHYLTHIOPHEN-2(5H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08629	N1-(2-AMINO-4-METHYLPENTYL)OCTAHYDRO-PYRROLO[1,2-A] PYRIMIDINE	experimental			
DB08631	N-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDROISOQUINOLINE-7-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08632	Trimesic acid	experimental			
DB08633	TNP-470	investigational	O-(chloroacetylcarbamoyl)fumagillol (TNP-470) has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections, Sarcoma, Kaposi, and Pancreatic Neoplasms.		
DB08634	6-BENZYL-1-BENZYLOXYMETHYL-5-ISOPROPYL URACIL	experimental			
DB08635	N-(TRANS-4'-NITRO-4-STILBENYL)-N-METHYL-5-AMINO-PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08636	2-Hydroxybenzalpyruvate	experimental			
DB08637	4-(2-METHOXYPHENYL)-2-OXOBUT-3-ENOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08638	1-hydroperoxy-L-tryptophan	experimental			
DB08639	Dapivirine	investigational	Dapivirine has been investigated for the prevention of HIV-1 Infections and Topical Penile Exposures.		
DB08640	(2S,3S)-3-FORMYL-2-({[(4-METHYLPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}METHYL)PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08641	(2S,3S)-3-FORMYL-2-({[(4-NITROPHENYL)SULFONYL]AMINO}METHYL)PENTANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08642	(2R,6S)-6-{[methyl(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)amino]methyl}-1,2,5,6,7,8-hexahydroquinazoline-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08643	2-(2-{2-[(BIPHENYL-4-YLMETHYL)-AMINO]-3-MERCAPTO-PENTANOYLAMINO}-ACETYLAMINO)-3-METHYL-BUTYRIC ACID METHYL ESTER	experimental			
DB08644	{1-[2-(1-FORMYL-PROPYL)-3-METHANESULFONYLAMINO-PYRROLIDINE-1-CARBONYL]-2-METHYL-PROPYL}-CARBAMIC ACID TERT-BUTYL ESTER	experimental			
DB08645	6-CHLORO-3-(DICHLOROMETHYL)-3,4-DIHYDRO-2H-1,2,4-BENZOTHIADIAZINE-7-SULFONAMIDE 1,1-DIOXIDE	experimental			
DB08646	TRW3-(2-AMINO-3-HYDROXY-PROPYL)-6-(N'-CYCLOHEXYL-HYDRAZINO)OCTAHYDRO-INDOL-7-OL	experimental			
DB08647	TRAZEOLIDE	experimental			
DB08648	(1R,3S,5S,8R)-8-Hydroxy-2-oxabicyclo[3.3.1]non-6-ene-3,5-dicarboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08649	(1S)-1-AMINO-2-(1H-INDOL-3-YL)ETHANOL	experimental			
DB08651	3'-THIO-THYMIDINE-5'-PHOSPHATE	experimental			
DB08652	Indoleacetamide	experimental			
DB08653	Tryptamine	experimental		Tryptophan Metabolism	
DB08654	TRANS-(1S,2S)-2-AMINO-1,2,3,4-TETRAHYDRONAPHTHALEN-1-OL	experimental			
DB08655	9-ACETYL-2,3,4,9-TETRAHYDRO-1H-CARBAZOL-1-ONE	experimental			
DB08656	5-amino-2-methyl-N-[(1R)-1-naphthalen-1-ylethyl]benzamide	experimental			
DB08657	2-(4-(2-((3-(5-(PYRIDIN-2-YLTHIO)THIAZOL-2-YL)UREIDO)METHYL)-1H-IMIDAZOL-4-YL)PHENOXY)ACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08658	Ethyl hydrogen diethylamidophosphate	experimental			
DB08659	2-(hydrazinocarbonyl)-3-phenyl-1H-indole-5-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB08660	Quinalizarin	experimental			
DB08661	1-(2,5-dideoxy-5-pyrrolidin-1-yl-beta-L-erythro-pentofuranosyl)-5-methylpyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione	experimental			
DB08662	3-[1-(4-BROMO-PHENYL)-2-METHYL-PROPYL]-4-HYDROXY-CHROMEN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08663	4-HYDROXY-7-METHOXY-3-(1-PHENYL-PROPYL)-CHROMEN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08664	({3-[1-(4-Hydroxy-2-oxo-2H-chromen-3-yl)-propyl]-phenylcarbamoyl}-methyl)-carbamic acid tert-butyl ester	experimental			
DB08665	6,11-DIHYDRO-11-ETHYL-6-METHYL-9-NITRO-5H-PYRIDO[2,3-B][1,5]BENZODIAZEPIN-5-ONE	experimental			
DB08666	5-imino-4-(3-trifluoromethyl-phenylazo)-5H-pyrazol-3-ylamine	experimental	5-imino-4-(3-trifluoromethyl-phenylazo)-5H-pyrazol-3-ylamine is a solid. This compound belongs to the benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing at least one benzene ring. This drug targets the protein methionine aminopeptidase.		
DB08667	4-(4-fluoro-phenylazo)-5-imino-5H-pyrazol-3-ylamine	experimental	4-(4-fluoro-phenylazo)-5-imino-5H-pyrazol-3-ylamine is a solid. This compound belongs to the fluorobenzenes. These are compounds containing one or more fluorine atoms attached to a benzene ring. This substance targets the protein methionine aminopeptidase.		
DB08668	3-(5-Amino-3-imino-3H-pyrazol-4-ylazo)-benzoic acid	experimental	3-(5-amino-3-imino-3H-pyrazol-4-ylazo)-benzoic acid is a solid. This compound belongs to the aminobenzoic acid derivatives. These are benzoic acids (or derivatives thereof) containing an amine group attached to the benzene moiety. 3-(5-amino-3-imino-3H-pyrazol-4-ylazo)-benzoic acid targets the protein methionine aminopeptidase.		
DB08669	METHYL N-[(2S,3R)-3-AMINO-2-HYDROXY-3-(4-METHYLPHENYL)PROPANOYL]-D-ALANYL-D-LEUCINATE	experimental			
DB08670	METHYL N-[(2S,3R)-3-AMINO-2-HYDROXY-3-(4-ISOPROPYLPHENYL)PROPANOYL]-D-ALANYL-D-LEUCINATE	experimental			
DB08671	5-Imino-4-(2-trifluoromethyl-phenylazo)-5H-pyrazol-3-ylamine	experimental			
DB08672	4-[(3R)-3-{[2-(4-FLUOROPHENYL)-2-OXOETHYL]AMINO}BUTYL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08673	4-[(5-ISOPROPYL-1,3-THIAZOL-2-YL)AMINO]BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08674	(20S)-19,20,21,22-TETRAHYDRO-19-OXO-5H-18,20-ETHANO-12,14-ETHENO-6,10-METHENO-18H-BENZ[D]IMIDAZO[4,3-K][1,6,9,12]OXATRIAZA-CYCLOOCTADECOSINE-9-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08675	(5Z)-7-{(1R,4S,5R,6R)-6-[(1E)-1-Octen-1-yl]-2,3-diazabicyclo[2.2.1]hept-2-en-5-yl}-5-heptenoic acid	experimental			
DB08676	(20S)-19,20,22,23-TETRAHYDRO-19-OXO-5H,21H-18,20-ETHANO-12,14-ETHENO-6,10-METHENOBENZ[D]IMIDAZO[4,3-L][1,6,9,13]OXATRIAZACYCLONOADECOSINE-9-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08677	N-(5-Isopropyl-thiazol-2-YL)-2-pyridin-3-YL-acetamide	experimental			
DB08678	(4-ETHYLPHENYL)SULFAMIC ACID	experimental			
DB08680	N-{3-[(E)-(tert-butoxyimino)methyl]-4-chlorophenyl}-2-methylfuran-3-carbimidothioic acid	experimental			
DB08681	1-METHYL ETHYL 2-CHLORO-5-[[[(1-METHYLETHOXY)THIOOXO]METHYL]AMINO]-BENZOATE	experimental			
DB08682	1-METHYL ETHYL 1-CHLORO-5-[[(5,6DIHYDRO-2-METHYL-1,4-OXATHIIN-3-YL)CARBONYL]AMINO]BENZOATE	experimental			
DB08683	REL-(9R,12S)-9,10,11,12-TETRAHYDRO-9,12-EPOXY-1H-DIINDOLO[1,2,3-FG:3',2',1'-KL]PYRROLO[3,4-I][1,6]BENZODIAZOCINE-1,3(2H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08684	O-Decyl Hydrogen Thiocarbonate	experimental			
DB08685	1-(1,4-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoxalin-6-yl)methanamine	experimental			
DB08686	5,6,7,8,9,10-HEXAHYDRO-4-HYDROXY-3-(1-PHENYLPROPYL)CYCLOOCTA[B]PYRAN-2-ONE	experimental			
DB08687	FG-2216	investigational	A orally active prolyl-hydroxylase inhibitor which can stabilize hypoxia-inducible transcription factor independent of oxygen availability. [A14422]		
DB08688	2-Undecanone	experimental			
DB08689	Ubiquinone Q1	experimental			
DB08690	Ubiquinone Q2	experimental			
DB08691	ethyl 3-[(E)-2-amino-1-cyanoethenyl]-6,7-dichloro-1-methyl-1H-indole-2-carboxylate	experimental			
DB08692	D-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-(acetamido)ethane boronic acid	experimental			
DB08693	L-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-(acetamido)ethane boronic acid	experimental			
DB08694	Variolin B	experimental			
DB08695	3-(4-nitrophenyl)-1H-pyrazole	experimental			
DB08697	4-(2-aminoethoxy)-N-(3-chloro-5-piperidin-1-ylphenyl)-3,5-dimethylbenzamide	experimental			
DB08698	1-[(3S)-5-PHENYL-3-THIOPHEN-2-YL-3H-1,4-BENZODIAZEPIN-2-YL]AZETIDIN-3-OL	experimental			
DB08699	1-tert-butyl-3-(3-methylbenzyl)-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine	experimental			
DB08701	2-(3-BROMOPHENYL)-6-[(2-HYDROXYETHYL)AMINO]-1H-BENZO[DE]ISOQUINOLINE-1,3(2H)-DIONE	experimental			
DB08702	2,5-DIPHENYLFURAN-3,4-DICARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08703	12-(2-hydroxyethyl)-2-(1-methylethoxy)-13,14-dihydronaphtho[2,1-a]pyrrolo[3,4-c]carbazol-5(12H)-one	experimental			
DB08704	[[(3R,4R,5S,6R)-4,5-dihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)-3-(pentanoylamino)oxan-2-ylidene]amino] N-phenylcarbamate	experimental			
DB08705	6-(5-BROMO-2-HYDROXYPHENYL)-2-OXO-4-PHENYL-1,2-DIHYDROPYRIDINE-3-CARBONITRILE	experimental			
DB08706	(2S)-({(5Z)-5-[(5-Ethyl-2-furyl)methylene]-4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazol-2-yl}amino)(4-fluorophenyl)acetic acid	experimental			
DB08707	4-[3-(4-chlorophenyl)-2,1-benzisoxazol-5-yl]pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08708	N-cyclohexyl-3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl][1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-b]pyridazin-6-amine	experimental			
DB08709	2,3-diphenyl-1H-indole-7-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08710	(5Z)-5-[(5-ethylfuran-2-yl)methylidene]-2-[[(S)-(4-fluorophenyl)-(2H-tetrazol-5-yl)methyl]amino]-1,3-thiazol-4-one	experimental			
DB08711	Methyl vanillate	experimental			
DB08712	11-[(MERCAPTOCARBONYL)OXY]UNDECANOIC ACID	experimental			
DB08713	2,6-DIMETHYL-1-(3-[3-METHYL-5-ISOXAZOLYL]-PROPANYL)-4-[2N-METHYL-2H-TETRAZOL-5-YL]-PHENOL	experimental			
DB08714	2,6-DIMETHYL-1-(3-[3-METHYL-5-ISOXAZOLYL]-PROPANYL)-4-[4-METHYL-2H-TETRAZOL-2-YL]-PHENOL	experimental			
DB08715	2,6-DIMETHYL-1-(3-[3-METHYL-5-ISOXAZOLYL]-PROPANYL)-4-[2-METHYL-4-ISOXAZOLYL]-PHENOL	experimental			
DB08717	[(2S)-4-methyl-3-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-yl]acetic acid	experimental			
DB08718	4-(3-ethylthiophen-2-yl)benzene-1,2-diol	experimental			
DB08719	5-(5-(6-CHLORO-4-(4,5-DIHYDRO-2-OXAZOLYL)PHENOXY)PENTYL)-3-METHYL ISOXAZOLE	experimental			
DB08720	5-(5-(4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazoly)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-methyl osoxazole	experimental	5-(5-(4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazoly)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-methyl osoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. This drug is known to target genome polyprotein.		
DB08721	5-(5-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-(hydroxyethyl oxymethyleneoxymethyl) isoxazole	experimental	5-(5-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-(hydroxyethyl oxymethyleneoxymethyl) isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. 5-(5-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-(hydroxyethyl oxymethyleneoxymethyl) isoxazole targets the protein genome polyprotein.		
DB08722	5-(7-(6-chloro-4-(5-hydro-4-methyl-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole	experimental	5-(7-(6-chloro-4-(5-hydro-4-methyl-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. 5-(7-(6-chloro-4-(5-hydro-4-methyl-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole targets the protein genome polyprotein.		
DB08723	WIN-54954	experimental	WIN-54954 is a broad-spectrum antipicornavirus drug.		
DB08724	5-(5-(4-(5-hydro-4-methyl-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-methyl isoxazole	experimental	5-(5-(4-(5-hydro-4-methyl-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)pentyl)-3-methyl isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. This medication is known to target genome polyprotein.		
DB08725	(S)-5-(7-(4-(4-Ethyl-4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methylisoxazole	experimental	(S)-5-(7-(4-(4-Ethyl-4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methylisoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. This substance targets the protein genome polyprotein.		
DB08726	5-(7-(4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole	experimental	5-(7-(4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. Known drug targets of 5-(7-(4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)heptyl)-3-methyl isoxazole include genome polyprotein.		
DB08727	3-Methyl-5-(7-{4-[(4R)-4-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-2-yl]phenoxy}heptyl)-1,2-oxazole	experimental	3-Methyl-5-(7-{4-[(4R)-4-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-2-yl]phenoxy}heptyl)-1,2-oxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. 3-Methyl-5-(7-{4-[(4R)-4-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-2-yl]phenoxy}heptyl)-1,2-oxazole is known to target genome polyprotein.		
DB08728	5-(3-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)propyl)-3-methyl isoxazole	experimental	5-(3-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)propyl)-3-methyl isoxazole is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. Known drug targets of 5-(3-(2,6-dichloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-2-oxazolyl)phenoxy)propyl)-3-methyl isoxazole include genome polyprotein.		
DB08729	5-ethoxy-4-(1-methyl-7-oxo-3-propyl-6,7-dihydro-1H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl)thiophene-2-sulfonamide	experimental			
DB08730	3-FLUORO-5-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-N-[1-(2-PYRIDIN-4-YLETHYL)-1H-INDOL-6-YL]BENZAMIDE	experimental			
DB08731	2-[(1R)-2-carboxy-1-(naphthalen-1-ylmethyl)ethyl]-1,3-dioxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-isoindole-5-carboxylic acid	experimental			
DB08732	NALPHA-[(BENZYLOXY)CARBONYL]-N-[(1R)-4-HYDROXY-1-METHYL-2-OXOBUTYL]-L-PHENYLALANINAMIDE	experimental			
DB08733	(2R,3R)-N^1^-[(1S)-2,2-DIMETHYL-1-(METHYLCARBAMOYL)PROPYL]-N^4^-HYDROXY-2-(2-METHYLPROPYL)-3-{[(1,3-THIAZOL-2-YLCARBONYL)AMINO]METHYL}BUTANEDIAMIDE	experimental			
DB08734	6,6-DIMETHYL-1-[3-(2,4,5-TRICHLOROPHENOXY)PROPOXY]-1,6-DIHYDRO-1,3,5-TRIAZINE-2,4-DIAMINE	experimental			
DB08735	R,S-Warfarin alcohol	experimental			
DB08736	S,R-Warfarin alcohol	experimental			
DB08737	(3AS,4R,9BR)-4-(4-HYDROXYPHENYL)-1,2,3,3A,4,9B-HEXAHYDROCYCLOPENTA[C]CHROMEN-9-OL	experimental			
DB08738	1-{3-oxo-3-[(2S)-2-(pyrrolidin-1-ylcarbonyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]propyl}-3-phenylquinoxalin-2(1H)-one	experimental			
DB08739	2-{3-[(2S)-4,4-difluoro-2-(pyrrolidin-1-ylcarbonyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]-3-oxopropyl}-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione	experimental			
DB08740	CYCLOHEXYLMETHYL-2,3-DIHYDROXY-5-METHYL-HEXYLAMIDE	experimental			
DB08741	5-[[(2R)-2-cyclopropyl-7,8-dimethoxy-2H-chromen-5-yl]methyl]pyrimidine-2,4-diamine	experimental			
DB08742	1,3-CYCLOHEXANEDIOL, 4-METHYLENE-5-[(2E)-[(1S,3AS,7AS)-OCTAHYDRO-1-(5-HYDROXY-5-METHYL-1,3-HEXADIYNYL)-7A-METHYL-4H-INDEN-4-YLIDENE]ETHYLIDENE]-, (1R,3S,5Z)	experimental			
DB08743	2-({8-[(3R)-3-AMINOPIPERIDIN-1-YL]-1,3-DIMETHYL-2,6-DIOXO-1,2,3,6-TETRAHYDRO-7H-PURIN-7-YL}METHYL)BENZONITRILE	experimental			
DB08744	Casimiroin	experimental	Casimiroin is a quinone reductase 2 inhibitor isolated from _Casimiroa edulis_.		
DB08745	4-[[(1E)-2-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)ETHENYL]SULFONYL]-1-[[1-(4-PYRIDINYL)-4-PIPERIDINYL]METHYL]PIPERAZINONE	experimental			
DB08746	1-[[(1E)-2-(4-CHLOROPHENYL)ETHENYL]SULFONYL]-4-[[1-(4-PYRIDINYL)-4-PIPERIDINYL]METHYL]PIPERAZINE	experimental			
DB08747	(11R)-10-acetyl-11-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-6-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-2,3,4,5,10,11-hexahydro-1H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]diazepin-1-one	experimental			
DB08748	4-(Dimethylamino)benzoic acid	experimental			
DB08749	3-(2-AMINO-6-BENZOYLQUINAZOLIN-3(4H)-YL)-N-CYCLOHEXYL-N-METHYLPROPANAMIDE	experimental			
DB08750	1-[4-(AMINOMETHYL)BENZOYL]-5'-FLUORO-1'H-SPIRO[PIPERIDINE-4,2'-QUINAZOLIN]-4'-AMINE	experimental			
DB08751	N,N'-DIMETHYL-N-(ACETYL)-N'-(7-NITROBENZ-2-OXA-1,3-DIAZOL-4-YL)ETHYLENEDIAMINE	experimental			
DB08752	N-[(1S)-2-[(4-cyano-1-methylpiperidin-4-yl)amino]-1-(cyclohexylmethyl)-2-oxoethyl]morpholine-4-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08753	4-{(1E)-3-OXO-3-[(2-PHENYLETHYL)AMINO]PROP-1-EN-1-YL}-1,2-PHENYLENE DIACETATE	experimental			
DB08754	N-Caffeoyltyramine	experimental			
DB08755	N-[(1S)-2-{[(1R)-2-(benzyloxy)-1-cyano-1-methylethyl]amino}-1-(cyclohexylmethyl)-2-oxoethyl]morpholine-4-carboxamide	experimental			
DB08756	Y-27632	experimental	Y-27632 is an inhibitor of Rho-associated protein kinase. It inhibits calcium sensitization to affect smooth muscle relaxation.		
DB08757	5-(2-chlorophenyl)furan-2-carbohydrazide	experimental			
DB08758	IMIDAZO[2,1-A]ISOQUINOLINE-2-CARBOHYDRAZIDE	experimental			
DB08759	[(3R,4S,5S,7R)-4,8-DIHYDROXY-3,5,7-TRIMETHYL-2-OXOOCTYL]PHOSPHONIC ACID	experimental			
DB08760	(2S)-2-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3-phenylpropanoic acid	experimental			
DB08761	(3S,6S)-3,6-bis(4-hydroxybenzyl)piperazine-2,5-dione	experimental			
DB08762	O-(((1R)-((N-PHENYLMETHOXYCARBONYL-L-ALANYL)AMINO)ETHYL)HYDROXYPHOSPHONO)-L-BENZYLACETIC ACID	experimental			
DB08763	[N-(BENZYLOXYCARBONYL)AMINO](4-AMIDINOPHENYL)METHANE-PHOSPHONATE	experimental			
DB08765	6-HYDROXY-1,3-BENZOTHIAZOLE-2-SULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08766	Zofenoprilat	experimental			
DB08767	2-(4-METHOXYPHENYL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08768	N(6)-dimethylallyladenine	experimental			
DB08770	4-{2-[(7-amino-2-furan-2-yl[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a][1,3,5]triazin-5-yl)amino]ethyl}phenol	experimental			
DB08771	(5R)-2-[(2-Fluorophenyl)amino]-5-isopropyl-1,3-thiazol-4(5H)-one	experimental			
DB08772	Zopolrestat	experimental			
DB08773	2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)benzo[b]thiophen-6-ol	experimental			
DB08774	1-[(2S)-4-(5-phenyl-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridin-4-yl)morpholin-2-yl]methanamine	experimental			
DB08775	Benzoyl-tyrosine-alanine-fluoro-methyl ketone	experimental			
DB08776	N-(4-OXO-5,6,7,8-TETRAHYDRO-4H-[1,3]THIAZOLO[5,4-C]AZEPIN-2-YL)ACETAMIDE	experimental			
DB08777	5,6,7,8-TETRAHYDRO[1]BENZOTHIENO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDIN-4(3H)-ONE	experimental			
DB08778	[4-amino-2-(tert-butylamino)-1,3-thiazol-5-yl](phenyl)methanone	experimental			
DB08779	2-(methylsulfanyl)-5-(thiophen-2-ylmethyl)-1H-imidazol-4-ol	experimental			
DB08780	6-MORPHOLIN-4-YL-9H-PURINE	experimental			
DB08781	1-[(2S)-4-(5-BROMO-1H-PYRAZOLO[3,4-B]PYRIDIN-4-YL)MORPHOLIN-2-YL]METHANAMINE	experimental			
DB08782	4-(2-AMINOETHYL)BENZENESULFONAMIDE	experimental			
DB08783	(4-{(2S)-2-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-3-methoxy-3-oxopropyl}phenyl)methaneseleninic acid	experimental			
DB08784	2-(4-CHLORO-PHENYLAMINO)-NICOTINIC ACID	experimental			
DB08785	4-Methylcoumarin	experimental			
DB08786	4-(2-methoxyethoxy)-6-methylpyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08787	4-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-phenyldiazenyl-pyrimidin-2-amine	experimental			
DB08788	3,6-DIAMINO-5-CYANO-4-(4-ETHOXYPHENYL)THIENO[2,3-B]PYRIDINE-2-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08789	2-AMINO-4-(2,4-DICHLOROPHENYL)-N-ETHYLTHIENO[2,3-D]PYRIMIDINE-6-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08790	1-PHENYL-1H-PYRAZOLE-4-CARBOXYLIC ACID	experimental			
DB08791	1-[(2-NITROPHENYL)SULFONYL]-1H-PYRROLO[3,2-B]PYRIDINE-6-CARBOXAMIDE	experimental			
DB08792	Diloxanide	experimental	Diloxanide (as [Diloxanide furoate]) is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.		
DB08794	Ethyl biscoumacetate	withdrawn	Ethyl biscoumacetate is a courmarin that is used as an anticoagulant. It has actions similar to those of Warfarin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p226)		
DB08795	Azidocillin	experimental	Azidocillin is a penicillin antibiotic similir to ampicillin.		
DB08796	Pipazethate	experimental	A non-narcotic oral antitussive agent.		
DB08797	Salicylamide	approved	Salicylamide is the common name for the substance o-hydroxybenzamide, or amide of salicyl. Salicylamide is a non-prescription drug with analgesic and antipyretic properties. It has similar medicinal uses to aspirin. Salicylamide is used in combination with both aspirin and caffeine in the over-the-counter pain remedies		
DB08798	Sulfamoxole	experimental	Sulfamoxole is an antibacterial in the sulfonamide class.		
DB08799	Antazoline	approved	Antazoline is a 1st generation antihistamine with anticholinergic activity. It is used to relieve nasal congestion. It is also formulated as eye drops with naphazoline to relieve allergic conjunctivitis.	Antazoline H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB08800	Chloropyramine	experimental	Chlorpyramine is a first generation antihistamine used in Eastern European countries to treat bronchial asthma as well as allergice rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis, and other allergic reactions. It is also indicated for Quincke's edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.	Chloropyramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB08801	Dimetindene	approved,investigational	Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.	Dimetindene H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB08802	Isothipendyl	experimental	Isothipendyl is an antihistamine and anticholinergic used as an antipruritic.	Isothipendyl H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB08803	Tymazoline	experimental	Tymazoline is a nasal preparation.		
DB08804	Nandrolone decanoate	approved,illicit	C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.		
DB08805	Metiamide	experimental	Metiamide is an H-2 receptor antagonist derived from burimamide. It was an intermediate product on the path to developing cimetidine.	Metiamide Action Pathway	
DB08806	Roxatidine acetate	experimental	Roxatidine acetate is a specific and competitive H2 receptor antagonist. It is currently approved in South Africa under the tradename Roxit.	Roxatidine Acetate Action Pathway	
DB08807	Bopindolol	experimental	Bopindolol (INN) is an ester prodrug for the beta blocker [pindolol].	Bopindolol Action Pathway	
DB08808	Bupranolol	experimental	Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker with potency similar to [propanolol]. It does not have intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but does have strong membrane stabilizing activity.	Bupranolol Action Pathway	
DB08809	Dichloroacetic acid	approved,investigational	Dichloroacetic acid, often abbreviated DCA, is an acid analogue of acetic acid in which two of the three hydrogen atoms of the methyl group have been replaced by chlorine atoms. Salts of DCA are used as drugs since they inhibit the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase. Early reports of its activity against brain cancer cells led patients to treat themselves with DCA, which is commercially available in non-pharmaceutical grade. A phase 1 study in 5 patients concluded that DCA was safe, but wasn't designed to establish effectiveness.DCA was approved for use in Canada in 1989 (as a topical formulation for treatment of warts and for cauterization and removal of a wide variety of skin and tissue lesions), but was cancelled post market.		
DB08810	Cinitapride	investigational	Cinitapride is a gastroprokinetic agent and antiulcer benzamide with agonist activity at 5-HT1 and 5-HT4 receptors and antagonist activity at 5-HT2 receptors. It is marketed in Spain and Mexico.		
DB08811	Tofisopam	experimental	Tofisopam (marketed under brand names Emandaxin and Grandaxin) is a 2,3-benzodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. In contrast to classical 1,4-benzodiazepines, the compound does not bind to the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor and its psychopharmacological profile differs from such compounds. Although Tofisopam is not approved for sale in North America, it is approved for use in various countries worldwide, including parts of Europe. The D-enantiomer ([dextofisopam]) is currently in phase II trials in the U.S. for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.		
DB08813	Nadroparin	approved,investigational	Nadroparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) which, when bound to antithrombin III (ATIII), accelerates the inactivation of factor II and factor Xa. Nadroparin halts the coagulation pathway by inhibiting the activation of thrombin (factor IIa) by factor Xa. The amplification of the fibrin clotting cascade is stopped once factors Xa and IIa are inactivated. It is derived from porcine sources and has a mean molecular size of 5000 daltons. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.		
DB08814	Triflusal	approved,investigational	Triflusal is a 2-acetoxy-4-trifluoromethylbenzoic acid and it is an aspirin chemically-related molecule but not a derivative. The benefits of this agent are the lack of action over the arachidonic acid pathway, the driven production of nitric oxide and the increase of cyclic nucleotide concentration on endothelial cells. The latest translates into the expansion of peripheral blood vessels.[A31675] It is very important as a secondary prevention of ischemic stroke by offering a lower risk of bleeding.[A31676] It was developed by  J. Uriach and Company and even though it is commercialized in different countries it is not approved by the FDA, EMA or HealthCanada.		
DB08815	Lurasidone	approved,investigational	Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic developed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of schizophrenia on October 29, 2010 and is currently pending approval for the treatment of bipolar disorder in the United States.		
DB08816	Ticagrelor	approved	Ticagrelor, or AZD6140, was first described in the literature in 2003.[A204170,A2903] Ticagrelor is an ADP derivative developed for its P2Y<sub>12</sub> receptor antagonism.[A2903] Unlike [clopidogrel], ticagrelor is not a prodrug.[A2903] It is marketed by Astra Zeneca as Brilinta in the US[L14201] and Brilique or Possia in the EU,[L14207].Ticagrelor was granted EMA approval on 3 December 2010.[L14207]Ticagrelor was granted FDA approval on 20 July 2011.[L14201]		
DB08818	Hyaluronic acid	approved,vet_approved	Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.		
DB08819	Tafluprost	approved	A prostaglandin analogue ester prodrug used topically (as eye drops) to control the progression of glaucoma and in the management of ocular hypertension. Chemically, tafluprost is a fluorinated analog of prostaglandin F2-alpha. Tafluprost was approved for use in the U.S. on February 10, 2012.		
DB08820	Ivacaftor	approved	Ivacaftor (also known as Kalydeco or VX-770) is a drug used for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF). It is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals. It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration on January 31, 2012[L768], and by Health Canada in late 2012.[L6841]  Ivacaftor is administered as a monotherapy and also administered in combination with other drugs for the management of CF.[L6814,L6979,L6847]Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, an ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes. CFTR is active in epithelial cells of organs such as of the lungs, pancreas, liver, digestive system, and reproductive tract. Alterations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes.[A20298, A20299] As a result, CF patients produce thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to complications such as infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition.[A20302]Prior to the development of ivacaftor, management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process or lung function (FEV1). Notably, ivacaftor was the first medication approved for the management of the underlying causes of CF (abnormalities in CFTR protein function) rather than control of symptoms.[A20297]		
DB08822	Azilsartan medoxomil	approved,investigational	Azilsartan medoxomil is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. Azilsartan medoxomil is a prodrug of Azilsartan marketed as "Edarbi" by Takeda. Azilsartan medoxomil has so far been shown to be superior to olmesartan and valsartan in lowering blood pressure.		
DB08823	Spinosad	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Spinosad is a pediculicide mixture of spinosyn A and spinosyn D (in an approximately 5:1 ratio, respectively) used in the topical treatment of head lice in children (four years old and older) and in adults. Spinosad is an insecticide based on a compound found in S. spinosa, a bacterial species. Spinosad has also been experimented for use in cats for treatment of flea infestations, and has also been experimented for use against the KS1 Ctenocephalides felis flea strain infesting dogs, in addition to many investigations for use in other animals and agricultural plants.		
DB08824	Ioflupane I-123	approved	Ioflupane (I-123) is a radiopharmaceutical used to image dopamine neurons and diagnose Parkinsonian syndromes.		
DB08826	Deferiprone	approved	Deferiprone is an oral iron chelator used as a second line agent in thalassemia syndromes when iron overload from blood transfusions occurs. Thalassemias are a type of hereditary anaemia due a defect in the production of hemoglobin. As a result, erythropoiesis, the production of new red blood cells, is impaired. FDA approved on October 14, 2011.		
DB08827	Lomitapide	approved,investigational	Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients. It is marketed under the name Juxtapid (R).		
DB08828	Vismodegib	approved,investigational	Vismodegib inhibits the hedgehog signalling pathway and is indicated for treatment of adult basal cell carcinoma. FDA approved on Jan 30, 2012.		
DB08830	Dehydroascorbic acid	experimental	Dehydroascorbic acid is made from the oxidation of ascorbic acid. This reaction is reversible, but dehydroascorbic acid can instead undergo irreversible hydrolysis to 2,3-diketogulonic acid. Dehydroascorbic acid as well as ascorbic acid are both termed Vitamin C, but the latter is the main form found in humans. In the body, both dehydroascorbic acid and ascorbic acid have similar biological activity as antivirals but dehydroascorbic acid also has neuroprotective effects. Currently dehydroascorbic acid is an experimental drug with no known approved indications.		
DB08831	2-deoxyglucose	experimental,investigational	2-deoxyglucose is predominantly used as a diagnostic agent in its radiolabelled form (fluorine-18 is used as the radiolabel). By using positron emission tomography (PET), radiolabelled 2-deoxyglucose can determine glucose metabolism, which is altered in diseases such as cardiovascular disease, tumors, and Alzheimer's disease. Therapeutically, 2-deoxyglucose is an investigational drug that is being studied as an anticancer and antiviral agent. Concerning the former, 2- deoxyglucose was used as an adjunct to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the treatment of solid tumors (lung, breast, pancreas, head, neck, and gastric tumors). The exact mechanisms of action of 2-deoxyglucose is still being investigated, but it is known that in hypoxic cancer cells, 2-deoxyglucose is a glycolysis inhibitor that prevents ATP production and, ultimately, cell survival. With respect to antiviral therapy, 2-deoxyglucose was shown to be effective against herpes simplex virus by affecting the virus' ability to penetrate cells. As an experimental drug, 2-deoxyglucose was demonstrated to work as an anticonvulsant in temporal lobe epilepsy. In this condition, 2-deoxyglucose represses the expression of certain proteins that are at high levels after a seizure. Although there are several possible therapeutic indications for 2-deoxyglucose, presently there is no approved indication for 2-deoxyglucose as a therapeutic agent.		
DB08833	Taurochenodeoxycholic acid	experimental	Taurochenodeoxycholic acid is an experimental drug that is normally produced in the liver. Its physiologic function is to emulsify lipids such as cholesterol in the bile. As a medication, taurochenodeoxycholic acid reduces cholesterol formation in the liver, and is likely used as a choleretic to increase the volume of bile secretion from the liver and as a cholagogue to increase bile discharge into the duodenum. It is also being investigated for its role in inflammation and cancer therapy.	Zellweger Syndrome,Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type II,27-Hydroxylase Deficiency,Bile Acid Biosynthesis,Cerebrotendinous Xanthomatosis (CTX),Familial Hypercholanemia (FHCA),Congenital Bile Acid Synthesis Defect Type III	
DB08834	Tauroursodeoxycholic acid	experimental,investigational	Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is the more hydrophilic form of ursodeoxycholic acid, which is the more abundant naturally produced bile acid in humans. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid, on the other hand, is produced abundantly in bears and has been used for centuries as a natural remedy in some Asian countries. It is approved in Italy and Turkey for the treatment of cholesterol gallstones and is an investigational drug in China, Unites States, and Italy. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is being investigated for use in several conditions such as Primary Biliary Cirrhosis (PBC), insulin resistance, amyloidosis, Cystic Fibrosis, Cholestasis, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. The only completed clinical trial thus far is a phase III clinical trial comparing tauroursodeoxycholic acid and ursofalk in PBC adult patients, but as of June 2013 no results of this trial have been published.		
DB08835	Spaglumic Acid	experimental	Spaglumic acid is the β-aspartyl isoform of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate (isospaglumic Acid is N-(N-Acetyl-l-α-aspartyl)-l-glutamic acid). In eye drops, spaglumic acid is either a magnesium or sodium salt of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate. Spaglumic acid is a mast cell stabilizer. Thus it is used in allergic conditions such as allergic conjunctivitis. Specifically spaglumic acid is approved in Portugal under the brand name Naabak and in Greece under the brand name Naaxia for use in patients with allergic conjunctivitis.		
DB08836	Temocapril	experimental,investigational	Temocapril is a prodrug-type angiotensin-I converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor not approved for use in the United States, but is approved in Japan and South Korea. Temocapril can also be used in hemodialysis patients without risk of serious accumulation.	Temocapril Metabolism Pathway,Temocapril Action Pathway	
DB08837	Tetraethylammonium	experimental,investigational	Tetraethylammonium is an experimental drug with no approved indication or marketed formulation. The only marketed drug containing tetraethylammonium was a combination drug called Fosglutamina B6, but this drug has now been discontinued. As an experimental agent, tetraethylammonium is used in its salt forms such as tetraethylammonium chloride and tetraethylammonium bromide. Its mechanism of action is still being investigated, but it is known that tetraethylammonium blocks autonomic ganglia, calcium- and voltage- activated potassium channels, and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Because of its inhibitory actions at the autonomic ganglia, tetraethylammonium was thought to be a potential therapeutic vasodilator but serious toxic effects were found. The most common use of tetraethylammonium presently is as a pharmacological research agent that blocks selective potassium channels. Structurally, tetraethylammonium is positively charged due to its central quaternary ammonium.		
DB08838	Agmatine	experimental	Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.		
DB08839	Serotonin	investigational,nutraceutical	For temporary relief of nervousness, anxiety, mood swings, joint pains, weakness, drowsiness, itching and lethargy. Not evaluated by the FDA, homeopathic product.		
DB08840	N-methylnicotinamide	experimental	N-methylnicotinamide is an experimental drug with no approved indication or marketed formulation. It is a metabolite of niacinamide/nicotinamide and niacin/nicotinic acid (vitamin B3), and as such N-methylnicotinamide is used to diagnose niacin deficiency by measuring N-methylnicotinamide in the urine.		
DB08841	Tyramine	investigational,nutraceutical	Tyramine (4-hydroxyphenethylamine; para-tyramine, mydrial or uteramin) is a naturally occurring monoamine compound and trace amine derived from the amino acid tyrosine. Tyramine acts by inducing the release of catecholamine. An important characteristic of this product is its impediment to cross the blood-brain barrier which restrains its side effects to only nonpsychoactive peripheral sympathomimetic effects. There have been reports of hypertensive crisis in patients ingesting tyramine-rich diet in conjunction with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs).		
DB08842	Acetylcarnitine	approved,investigational	Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.		
DB08843	GS 0573	investigational			
DB08844	Uric acid	investigational	Uric acid is the last product of purine metabolism in humans. The formation of uric acid is through the enzyme xanthine oxidase, which oxidizes oxypurines. Normally a small amount of uric acid is present in the body, but when there is an excess amount in the blood, called hyperuricemia, this can lead to gout and formation of kidney stones. As a therapeutic agent, it is known that uric acid is increased in response to oxidative stress, and as such, uric acid acts as an antioxidant. At present (August 2013), there is no approved formulation or indication for uric acid. In one country, Spain, uric acid is an investigational drug in a phase 3 trial studying its effects as an adjunct to alteplase in acute ischemic stroke.		
DB08845	Oxogluric acid	experimental,investigational,nutraceutical	Oxogluric acid (α-Ketoglutarate) is not approved for any indication in the world but is an investigational drug in the United States. In the United States a phase I clinical trial is investigating whether oxogluric acid precursors found in nutritional supplements can benefit patients with the metabolic disorder propionic acidemia. Oxogluric acid is sold as a dietary supplement to athletes to improve their performance by helping to remove excess ammonia, but it is not officially approved for this indication and only experimental studies have shown a reduction in ammonia by oxogluric acid in hemodialysis patients. Physiologically, oxogluric acid acts in the Krebs cycle as an intermediate, is involved in transamination reactions during the metabolism of amino acids, forms glutamic acid by combining with ammonia, and reduces nitrogen by combining with it as well. Several experimental studies have also shown that administration of oxogluric acid helped attenuate the decreased synthesis of muscle protein that is often seen post-surgery.		
DB08846	Ellagic acid	investigational	Ellagic acid is present in several fruits such as cranberries, strawberries, raspberries, and pomegranates. In pomegranates, there are several therapeutic compounds but ellagic acid is the most active and abundant. Ellagic acid is also present in vegetables. Ellagic acid is an investigational drug studied for treatment of Follicular Lymphoma (phase 2 trial), protection from brain injury of intrauterine growth restricted babies (phase 1 and 2 trial), improvement of cardiovascular function in adolescents who are obese (phase 2 trial), and topical treatment of solar lentigines. Ellagic acid's therapeutic action mostly involves antioxidant and anti-proliferative effects.		
DB08847	Hydroxyproline	experimental	Hydroxyproline is a neutral heterocyclic protein amino acid. It is found in collagen and as such it is common in many gelatin products. Hydroxyproline is mostly used as a diagnostic marker of bone turnover and liver fibrosis. Therapeutically, hydroxyproline is being studied as an an experimental medicine but is approved in France as a combination topical gel product called Cicactive for small, superficial wounds.		
DB08848	Guvacine	experimental	Guvacine is a pyridine alkaloid found in the Areca nut (also known as the Betel nut). It is an experimental drug with no approved indication. Experimental studies are still being investigated to determine all of the physiological effects and mechanisms of action of guvacine. Currently it has been determined that guvacine is a specific GABA reuptake inhibitor with no significant affinity at GABA receptors.		
DB08849	Nipecotic acid	experimental			
DB08855	Leukotriene C4	experimental,investigational	The conjugation product of LEUKOTRIENE A4 and glutathione. It is the major arachidonic acid metabolite in macrophages and human mast cells as well as in antigen-sensitized lung tissue. It stimulates mucus secretion in the lung, and produces contractions of nonvascular and some vascular smooth muscle. (From Dictionary of Prostaglandins and Related Compounds, 1990)		
DB08856	DADLE	experimental	A delta-selective opioid (ANALGESICS, OPIOID). It can cause transient depression of mean arterial blood pressure and heart rate.		
DB08857	Bamet-UD2	experimental	Bamet-UD2 is a novel bile acid-platinum derivative.		
DB08858	cis-Diamminechlorocholylglycinateplatinum(II)	experimental			
DB08860	Pitavastatin	approved	Pitavastatin, also known as the brand name product Livalo, is a lipid-lowering drug belonging to the statin class of medications. By inhibiting the endogenous production of cholesterol within the liver, statins lower abnormal cholesterol and lipid levels and ultimately reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. More specifically, statin medications competitively inhibit the enzyme hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase,[A181421] which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid. This is the third step in a sequence of metabolic reactions involved in the production of several compounds involved in lipid metabolism and transport including cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) (sometimes referred to as "bad cholesterol"), and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL). Prescribing of statin medications is considered standard practice following any cardiovascular events and for people with a moderate to high risk of development of CVD, such as those with Type 2 Diabetes. The clear evidence of the benefit of statin use coupled with very minimal side effects or long term effects has resulted in this class becoming one of the most widely prescribed medications in North America.[A181087, A181406]Pitavastatin and other drugs from the statin class of medications including [atorvastatin], [pravastatin], [rosuvastatin], [fluvastatin], and [lovastatin] are considered first-line options for the treatment of dyslipidemia.[A181087, A181406] Increasing use of the statin class of drugs is largely due to the fact that cardiovascular disease (CVD), which includes heart attack, atherosclerosis, angina, peripheral artery disease, and stroke, has become a leading cause of death in high-income countries and a major cause of morbidity around the world.[A181084] Elevated cholesterol levels, and in particular, elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels, are an important risk factor for the development of CVD.[A181087,A181553] Use of statins to target and reduce LDL levels has been shown in a number of landmark studies to significantly reduce the risk of development of CVD and all-cause mortality.[A181090,A181093,A181096,A181427,A181475,A181538] Statins are considered a cost-effective treatment option for CVD due to their evidence of reducing all-cause mortality including fatal and non-fatal CVD as well as the need for surgical revascularization or angioplasty following a heart attack.[A181087, A181406] Evidence has shown that even for low-risk individuals (with <10% risk of a major vascular event occurring within 5 years) statins cause a 20%-22% relative reduction in major cardiovascular events (heart attack, stroke, coronary revascularization, and coronary death) for every 1 mmol/L reduction in LDL without any significant side effects or risks.[A181397, A181403]While all statin medications are considered equally effective from a clinical standpoint, [rosuvastatin] is considered the most potent; doses of 10 to 40mg [rosuvastatin] per day were found in clinical studies to result in a 45.8% to 54.6% decrease in LDL cholesterol levels.[A181409,A181535,A181538,A1793] Study data has confirmed that pitavastatin's potency in lowering LDL-C is comparable to that of other statins but also has increased efficacy in increasing HDL-C (also known as "good cholesterol").[A182000,A182003,A182006] Despite these differences in potency, several trials have demonstrated only minimal differences in terms of clinical outcomes between statins.[A181438, A181427]		
DB08861	DPDPE	experimental	A heterodetic cyclic peptide that is a cyclic enkephalin analogue, having D-penicillaminyl residues located at positions 2 and 5, which form the heterocycle via a disulfide bond.		
DB08862	Cholecystokinin	approved,investigational	Cholecystokinin ( also known as _CCK or CCK-PZ_) is a peptide hormone of the gastrointestinal system which is responsible for stimulating the digestion of fat and protein. Cholecystokinin, previously called _pancreozymin_, is synthesized and secreted by enteroendocrine cells in the duodenum (the first portion of the small intestine) and leads to the release of bile and digestive enzymes. CCK also acts as an appetite suppressant and has been studied for weight management regimens [L1637]. Normally, it is an endogenous hormone but is available commercially for diagnostic processes and replacement in pancreatic insufficiency [L1646, L1647, L1648]. in the octapeptide form.Cholecystokinin is one of the first gastrointestinal hormones discovered, identified more than 90 years ago due to its ability to stimulate gallbladder contraction in 1928. Soon after, it was recognized to be identical to the factor responsible for stimulating pancreatic exocrine secretion in 1943 [L1636]. This hormone has also been shown to have positive effects on enteric smooth muscle contraction and on nerve activity at multiple locations in the peripheral and central nervous system. In addition to its roles in promoting smooth muscle cell contraction/exocrine cell secretion, CCK promotes cell growth, energy production, gene expression and protein synthesis, processes that have profound for drug development [L1636].  This drug has also been investigated for possible antipsychotic properties, owing to its effect on CCK receptors in the brain [L1638].Recent studies have suggested that cholecystokinin also plays a major role in inducing drug tolerance to opioids such as morphine and heroin, and is partially implicated in experiences of pain hypersensitivity during opioid withdrawal [A32101].		
DB08864	Rilpivirine	approved	Rilpivirine is non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) which is used for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in treatment-naive patients.[A31328] It is a diarylpyrimidine derivative, a class of molecules that resemble pyrimidine nucleotides found in DNA.[A31329] The internal conformational flexibility of rilpivirine and the plasticity of it interacting binding site gives it a very high potency and an unlikely generation of resistance compared to other NNRTI's.[A31331] Rilpivirine was developed by Tilbotec, Inc. and FDA approved on May 20, 2011.[L1030] On November 21, 2017, Rilpivirine, in combination with dolutegravir, was approved as part of the first complete treatment regimen with only two drugs for the treatment of adults with HIV-1 named Juluca.[L1031]		
DB08865	Crizotinib	approved	Crizotinib an inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinase for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Verification of the presence of ALK fusion gene is done by Abbott Molecular's Vysis ALK Break Apart FISH Probe Kit. This verification is used to select for patients suitable for treatment. FDA approved in August 26, 2011.		
DB08867	Ulipristal	approved	Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for the purposes of emergency contraception (Ella) and for the treatment of uterine fibroids (Fibristal).  It is a derivative of 19-norprogesterone and has both antagonistic and partial agonist activity at the progesterone receptor. It also binds to glucocorticoid receptor, however compared to mifepristone (a progesterone receptor antagonist), ulipristal is more tolerable and has lower glucocorticoid activity and better binding affinity. Ulipristal is currently recommended as first line therapy for emergency contraception, due to improved efficacy and similar side effect profile as compared to the traditional use of levonorgestrel or the Yuzpe regimen. The exact mechanism of action for ulipristal is still currently debated, though there is evidence that it functions by inhibiting ovulation. A recent systematic review proclaimed that the majority of available evidence demonstrates an inhibitory effect on ovulation rather than a post-fertilization effect on the endometrium, which has been heavily debated due to ethical concerns related to abortion (Rosato et al, 2016). Nevertheless, current and ongoing research into the agent's mechanism of action as an emergency contraceptive continue to provide potentially plausible evidence that ulipristal may, in fact, elicit activity on the endometrium that prevents embryo implantation [A175372, A175375, A175378].		
DB08868	Fingolimod	approved,investigational	Multiple sclerosis or MS is a devastating inflammatory disease that often progresses and causes severe neurological, physical, and cognitive effects.[A176474] Fingolimod is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. It was developed by Novartis and initially approved by the FDA in 2010.[L12651]Fingolimod is currently being studied for the treatment of COVID-19, the disease caused by infection with the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Phase 2 clinical trials are currently underway and completion is expected in July 2020.[L12654]		
DB08869	Tesamorelin	approved,investigational	Tesamorelin is a stabilized synthetic peptide analogue of the hypothalamic peptide, Growth Hormone Releasing Hormone (GHRH) indicated for the reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. Lipodystrophy is a metabolic condition characterized by insulin resistance, fat redistribution, and hyperlipidemia associated with antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.		
DB08870	Brentuximab vedotin	approved,investigational	Brentuximab vedotin, also known as Adcetris®, is an antibody-drug conjugate that combines an anti-CD30 antibody with the drug monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE). It is an anti-neoplastic agent used in the treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma. Brentuximab vedotin was initially approved in 2011. In January 2012, the drug label was revised with a boxed warning of a condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and death due to opportunistic JC virus infection post treatment [L1737]. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Adcetris in March 2018 to treat adult patients with previously untreated stage III or IV classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) in combination with chemotherapy [L1737].Adcetris has also been previously approved by the FDA to treat Hodgkin's lymphoma after relapse, Hodgkin's lymphoma after stem cell transplantation when a patient has a high risk of relapse or progression, systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) after the failure of other treatment regimens, and primary cutaneous ALCL after failure of other treatment regimens [L1737].Lymphoma is a malignancy that begins in the lymphatic system, which helps to combat infection and disease. Lymphoma may begin anywhere in the body and can spread to nearby lymph nodes. The two main types of lymphoma are Hodgkin lymphoma (also called Hodgkin disease) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Most individuals with Hodgkin's lymphoma have the classical type. In this type of lymphoma, large, abnormal lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell) are found in the lymph nodes called Reed-Sternberg cells. With early diagnosis and intervention, patients with Hodgkin lymphoma normally experience long-term remission [L1737].The ECHELON-1 study results demonstrated superior efficacy of the drug combined with a chemotherapy regimen when it is compared to the previous standard of care. Importantly, removing the drug bleomycin, a highly toxic agent, was completely removed from the regimen. This demonstrates meaningful progress in treatment for patients affected by this disease [L1739].		
DB08871	Eribulin	approved,investigational	Eribulin is a microtubule inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer who have previously received at least two chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of metastatic disease. Eribulin was isolated from the marine sponge Halichondria okadai. Eribulin is also being investigated for use in the treatment of advanced solid tumors [A7439].		
DB08872	Gabapentin enacarbil	approved,investigational	Gabapentin enacarbil is marketed under the name Horizant. It is a prodrug of gabapentin, and indicated in adults for the treatment of Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS) and postherpetic neuralgia (PHN).		
DB08873	Boceprevir	approved,withdrawn	Boceprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Boceprevir. Boceprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [A19593]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Boceprevir is still effective against HCV when paired with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022].In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) do not reccomend Boceprevir in combination with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022] as first line therapy for Hepatitis C [A19593]. Boceprevir, [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022] are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Boceprevir is available as a fixed dose product (tradename Victrelis) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in May 2011 by the FDA, Victrelis is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1 in combination with [DB00811], [DB00008], and [DB00022] [FDA Label]. Victrelis is no longer widely used as interferon-free therapies have been developed.		
DB08874	Fidaxomicin	approved	Fidaxomicin is a novel macrolide antibiotic used in the treatment of diarrhea caused by _Clostridioides_ (formerly _Clostridium_) _difficile_ in adult and pediatric patients over the age of 6 months.[L11575] Fidaxomicin is a naturally-occurring 18-member macrocycle derived from fermentation.[A190501] Because fidaxomicin contains an 18-membered lactone ring in its structure, it is referred to as a macrocyclic lactone antibiotic drug.[A190492] The antibacterial activity of fidaxomicin is distinct from macrolides and rifamycins, as the bactericidal activity is time-dependent, and not concentration-dependent.[A190492] Fidaxomicin was the first macrocyclic lactone antibiotic with activity against _C. difficile_,[A190486] and it displays a narrow spectrum of activity against gram-positive anaerobes.[A7445] It mediates its potent bactericidal action on the bacteria by inhibiting the bacterial RNA synthase, thereby disrupting bacterial transcription.[A190486] The minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC<sub>90</sub>) for fidaxomicin is four times less than that of [vancomycin], which was the primary drug of choice for _C. difficile_ infection before the approval of fidaxomicin.[A190492] Unlike vancomycin, however, fidaxomicin has a negligible effect on normal colonic microflora.[A190516]The FDA initially approved fidaxomicin in May 2011 for the treatment of _C. difficile_-associated diarrhea in adult patients over the age of 18.[A190492] Later that year in December, the drug was also approved by the European Medicine Agency.[A190492] In June 2012, fidaxomicin was also granted approval by Health Canada.[A190486] The approved indication of fidaxomicin was expanded by the FDA in January 2020 to include pediatric patients over the age of 6 months in the treatment population.[L11575]		
DB08875	Cabozantinib	approved,investigational	Cabozantinib was first approved in 2012 and is a non-specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It was initially approved in the US under the brand name Cometriq, which is indicated for the treatment of metastatic medullary thyroid cancer.[L15123] In 2016, a capsule formulation (Cabometyx) was approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma, and this same formulation gained additional approval in both the US and Canada in 2019 for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma in previously treated patients.[L15128,L15133]		
DB08876	Taliglucerase alfa	approved,investigational	Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.		
DB08877	Ruxolitinib	approved	Ruxolitinib is a janus-associated kinase inhibitor indicated to treat bone marrow cancer, specifically intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. FDA approved on November 16, 2011.		
DB08878	Aminopterin	investigational,withdrawn	Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate.		
DB08879	Belimumab	approved	Belimumab is an intravenous immunosupressant for the adjunctive treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). More specifically, it is a fully human recombinant IgG1λ monoclonal antibody produced from a recombinant NS0 cell line stably transfected with the belimumab heavy chain and light chain genes. It is the first biological treatment approved for the indication of SLE. Concomitant use with live or inactivated vaccines must be avoided. Belimumab was FDA approved on March 9, 2011. Belimumab consists of 2 heavy chains, and 2 light chains of the lambda subclass. Each heavy chain contains 452 amino acid residues and each light chain contains 214 amino acid residues. There are 3 post-translational modifications: a conserved N-linked glycosylation on the CH2 domain at Asn 303 of the heavy chain, the conversion of the N-terminal glutamine residue of the heavy chain into pyroglutamate, and loss of C-terminal lysine residue of the heavy chain.		
DB08880	Teriflunomide	approved	Teriflunomide is the active metabolite of leflunomide, and it acts as an immunomodulatory agent by inhibiting pyrimidine synthesis. It is marketed under the name Aubagio® and is indicated for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, specifically relapsing forms. The FDA label states an important warning about the risk of hepatoxicity and teratogenicity for patients using teriflunomide.		
DB08881	Vemurafenib	approved	Vemurafenib is a competitive kinase inhibitor with activity against BRAF kinase with mutations like V600E.[A31269] It exerts its function by binding to the ATP-binding domain of the mutant BRAF.[A31270] Vemurafenib was co-developed by Roche and Plexxikon and it obtained its FDA approval on August 17, 2011, under the company Hoffmann La Roche. After approval, Roche in collaboration with Genentech launched a broad development program. [L1012]		
DB08882	Linagliptin	approved	Linagliptin is a DPP-4 inhibitor developed by Boehringer Ingelheim for the treatment of type II diabetes [L9557]. Linagliptin differs from other DPP-4 inhibitors in that it has a non-linear pharmacokinetic profile, is not primarily eliminated by the renal system, and obeys concentration dependant protein binding[A37050]. Linagliptin was approved by the FDA on May 2, 2011[L9557].		
DB08883	Perampanel	approved	Perampanel is a noncompetitive AMPA glutamate receptor antagonist. It is marketed under the name Fycompa™ and is indicated as an adjunct in patients over 12 years old for the treatment of partial-onset seizures that may or may not occur with generalized seizures. The FDA label includes an important black-boxed warning of serious or life-threatening behavioral and psychiatric reactions in patients taking Fycompa™.		
DB08884	Gadoxetic acid	approved	Gadoxetic acid (gadoxetate) is a paramagnetic gadolinium-containing contrast agent in which its salt form, gadoxetate disodium, is used for intravenous injection. Ethoxybenzyl diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid is the moiety that chelates with a gadolinium ion and forms a stable complex with it to make up the drug. It is marketed by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved on July 3, 2008.		
DB08885	Aflibercept	approved	Aflibercept is a recombinant protein composed of the binding domains of two human vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors fused with the Fc region of human immunoglobulin gamma 1 (IgG1). Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.		
DB08886	Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi	approved,investigational	Erwinaze (asparaginase _Erwinia_ _chrysanthemi_) contains an asparaginase specific enzyme derived from _Erwinia_ _chrysanthemi_ [L149]. Specifically, this L-asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme consisting of four identical subunits, each having a molecular weight of about 35 kDa [L149]. The activity of Erwinaze is expressed in terms of International Units. It is an antineoplastic agent and was FDA approved in November 19, 2011 [L149].		
DB08887	Icosapent ethyl	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Icosapent ethyl or ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid is a synthetic derivative of the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). It is used as adjunct therapy for severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG levels > 500 mg/dL). FDA approved on July 26, 2012.		
DB08888	Ocriplasmin	approved	Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin with a molecular weight of 27.2 kDa produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Pichia pastoris expression system. Ocriplasmin is a protein made up of 249 amino acids and has two peptide chains.  Agent for pharmacologic vitreolysis; thrombolytic agent. FDA approved in October 17, 2012.		
DB08889	Carfilzomib	approved,investigational	Carfilzomib is an injectable antineoplastic agent (IV only). Chemically, it is a modified tetrapeptidyl epoxide and an analog of epoxomicin. It is also a selective proteasome inhibitor. FDA approved on July 20, 2012.		
DB08890	Linaclotide	approved	Linaclotide is an orally administered, peptide agonist of guanylate cyclase 2C for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. Chemically, it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and consists of fourteen amino acids. The protein sequence is as follows: Cys Cys Glu Tyr Cys Cys Asn Pro Ala Cys Thr Gly Cys Tyr. There are three disulfide bonds which are located between Cys1 and Cys6; between Cys2 and Cys10; and between Cys5 and Cys13. FDA approved on August 30, 2012.		
DB08891	Arbaclofen	investigational	Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.		
DB08892	Arbaclofen Placarbil	investigational	Arbaclofen Placerbil is a prodrug of Arbaclofen, which is a selective gamma-amino-butyric acid type B receptor agonist and the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It was discovered, and has been patented by XenoPort as a new chemical entity with an improved pharmacokinetic profile compared to baclofen, which allows for sustained release properties. Arbaclofen Placerbil was believed to have therapeutic potential in treating gastroesophogeal reflux disease (GERD) and plasticity; however due to discouraging clinical trial results, the drug was abandoned by XenoPort in 2011 for the treatment of GERD. On May 20th, 2013, XenoPort announced plans to terminate the development of Arbaclofen Placerbil for the treatment of multiple sclerosis.		
DB08893	Mirabegron	approved	Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic receptor agonist for the management of overactive bladder. It is an alternative to antimuscarinic drugs for this indication. FDA approved on June 28, 2012.		
DB08894	Peginesatide	approved,investigational	Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.		
DB08895	Tofacitinib	approved,investigational	Tofacitinib is an inhibitor of Janus kinases, a group of intracellular enzymes involved in signalling pathways that affect hematopoiesis and immune cell function. It is approved by the FDA for treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis that responds inadequately to methotrexate or in those who are intolerant to methotrexate. Besides rheumatoid arthritis, tofacitinib has also been studied in clinical trials for the prevention of organ transplant rejection, and is currently under investigation for the treatment of psoriasis. Known adverse effects include nausea and headache as well as more serious immunologic and hematological adverse effects. Tofacitinib is marketed under the brand name Xeljanz by Pfizer.		
DB08896	Regorafenib	approved	Regorafenib is an orally-administered inhibitor of multiple kinases. It is used for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer, advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumours, and hepatocellular carcinoma. FDA approved on September 27, 2012. Approved use of Regorafenib was expanded to treat Hepatocellular Carcinoma in April 2017.		
DB08897	Aclidinium	approved	Aclidinium is an anticholinergic for the long-term management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It has a much higher propensity to bind to muscarinic receptors than nicotinic receptors. FDA approved on July 24, 2012.		
DB08898	Glucarpidase	approved,investigational	Glucarpidase is the recombinant form of the Pseudomonas sp. (strain RS-16) enzyme carboxypeptidase G2 that is produced in Escherichia coli. In patients, glucarpidase inactivates methotrexate, and other antifolates, by hydrolyzing glutamate on the carboxyl terminal of these compounds. Therefore since methotrexate is eliminated enzymatically and not by the kidneys, glucarpidase is indicated in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (>1 micromole per liter). Glucarpidase is marketed under the brand name Voraxaze®.		
DB08899	Enzalutamide	approved	Enzalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer. FDA approved on August 31, 2012.		
DB08900	Teduglutide	approved	Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.		
DB08901	Ponatinib	approved,investigational	Ponatinib is a novel Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is especially effective against the T315I mutation for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.	Ponatinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB08902	Raxibacumab	approved	Raxibacumab is a human IgG1λ monoclonal antibody that binds the protective antigen (PA) component of B. anthracis toxin. Raxibacumab has a molecular weight of approximately 146 kilodaltons. Raxibacumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a murine cell expression system. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.		
DB08903	Bedaquiline	approved	Bedaquiline is a bactericidal antimycobacterial drug. Chemically it is a diarylquinoline. FDA approved on December 28, 2012.		
DB08904	Certolizumab pegol	approved	Certolizumab pegol is a pegylated monoclonal antibody against the tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha).[A176585] It is formed with a humanized Fab fragment of 50 kDa, from an IgG 1 isotype, fused to a 40 kDa polyethylene glycol moiety replacing the Fc antibody region. The absence of the Fc region was ideated to prevent complement fixation and antibody-mediated cytotoxicity as well as to markedly increase its half-life.[A176606] Certolizumab does not require glycosylation for active function and hence, its production is significantly more affordable when compared to other existing TNF-alpha therapies as it can be done directly in bacterial hosts such as _E. coli_.[A176606] It was developed and manufactured by UCB Pharma, first FDA approved in 2008[L4894] and updated for a new indication on March 28, 2019.[L5819]		
DB08905	Formestane	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Formestane was the first selective, type I, steroidal aromatase inhibitor used in the treatment of estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer in post-menopausal women. Formestane suppresses estrogen production from anabolic steroids or prohormones. Formestane is also a prohormone of 4-hydroxytestosterone, an active steroid with weak androgenic activity and mild aromatase inhibitor activity. It is listed as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency for use in athletes.  Formestane has poor oral bioavailability, and thus must be administered fortnightly (bi-weekly) by intramuscular injection. Some clinical data has suggested that the clinically recommended dose of 250mg was too low. With the discovery of newer, non-steroidal and steroidal, aromatase inhibitors which were orally active and less expensive than formestane, formestane lost popularity. Currently, formestane (categorized as an anti-estrogenic agent) is prohibited from use in sports in accordance to the regulations of the World Anti-Doping Agency. It is not US FDA approved, and the intramuscular injection form of formestane (Lentaron) which was approved in Europe has been withdrawn.		
DB08906	Fluticasone furoate	approved	Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic glucocorticoid available as an inhaler and nasal spray for various inflammatory indications[FDA Label][F4364]. Fluticasone furoate was first approved in 2007[L5965].		
DB08907	Canagliflozin	approved	Canagliflozin, also known as _Invokana_, is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor used in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus along with lifestyle changes including diet and exercise [FDA label].It was initially approved by the FDA in 2013 for the management of diabetes and later approved in 2018 for a second indication of reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus [L5897], [FDA label]. Canagliflozin is the first oral antidiabetic drug approved for the prevention of cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes [L5897]. Cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of death in these patients [A177083].		
DB08908	Dimethyl fumarate	approved,investigational	Dimethyl fumarate is an anti-inflammatory. It is indicated for multiple sclerosis patients with relapsing forms and is also being investigated for the treatment of psoriasis. The mechanism of action of dimethyl fumarate in multiple sclerosis is not well understood. It is thought to involve dimethyl fumarate degradation to its active metabolite monomethyl fumarate (MMF) then MMF up-regulates the Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) pathway that is activated in response to oxidative stress. Dimethyl fumarate is marketed under the brand name Tecfidera.		
DB08909	Glycerol phenylbutyrate	approved	Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent. Chemically, it is a triglyceride in which three molecules of phenylbutyrate are linked to a glycerol backbone. FDA approved on February 1, 2013.		
DB08910	Pomalidomide	approved	Pomalidomide, an analogue of thalidomide, is an immunomodulatory antineoplastic agent. FDA approved on February 8, 2013.		
DB08911	Trametinib	approved	Trametinib dimethyl sulfoxide is a kinase inhibitor. Each 1-mg tablet contains 1.127 mg trametinib dimethyl sulfoxide equivalent to 1 mg of trametinib non-solvated parent. FDA approved on May 29, 2013 [L2727].The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved [DB08912](Tafilnar) and Mekinist (trametinib), administered together, for the treatment of anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC) that cannot be removed by surgery or has spread to other parts of the body (metastatic), and has a type of abnormal gene, BRAF V600E (BRAF V600E mutation-positive) [L2726].Thyroid cancer is a disease in which cancer cells form in the tissues of the thyroid. Anaplastic thyroid cancer is a rare, aggressive type of thyroid cancer. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) estimates there will be 53,990 new cases of thyroid cancer and an estimated 2,060 deaths from the disease in the United States in 2018. Anaplastic thyroid cancer accounts for approximately 1 to 2 percent of all thyroid cancers [L2726].		
DB08912	Dabrafenib	approved,investigational	Dabrafenib mesylate (Tafinlar) is a reversible ATP-competitive kinase inhibitor and targets the MAPK pathway. It was approved on May 29, 2013 for the treatment of melanoma [L2718].In May 2018, Tafinlar (dabrafenib) and Mekinist ([DB08911]) in combination have been approved to treat anaplastic thyroid cancer caused by an abnormal BRAF V600E gene [L2714].		
DB08913	Radium Ra 223 dichloride	approved,investigational	Radium Ra 223 Dichloride is a radiopharmaceutical containing the radioisotope radium-223 that emits short range but high linear energy alpha particles. As a cation, radium mimics calicum and binds to hydroxyapatite, which is a bone mineral found in areas of high bone turnover as seen in bone metastases. It was first approved by the FDA in May 2013 and is currently marketed under the brand name Xofigo, which was formerly called Alpharadin. Xofigo is indicated in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant. The FDA label includes a warning that Radium Ra 223 Dichloride should not be used in women who are pregnant or may become pregnant due to the high risk of fetal harm.		
DB08915	Aleglitazar	investigational	Aleglitazar is an investigational drug from the company Hoffmann–La Roche and is currently in a phase III clinical trial called ALECARDIO. It is being investigated for use in patients with type II diabetes to reduce their risks of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Aleglitazar is an agonist at the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) for both the PPARα and PPARγ receptor subtypes. In the phase II clinical trial called SYNCHRONY, with type II diabetic patients, aleglitazar was able to control both lipid and glucose levels in a synergistic manner while also having limited side effects and toxicity.		
DB08916	Afatinib	approved	Afatinib is a 4-anilinoquinazoline tyrosine kinase inhibitor in the form of a dimaleate salt available as Boehringer Ingelheim's brand name Gilotrif [FDA Label]. For oral use, afatinib tablets are a first-line (initial) treatment for patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with common epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations as detected by an FDA-approved test [L2939]. Gilotrif (afatinib) is the first FDA-approved oncology product from Boehringer Ingelheim [L2939].		
DB08917	Ferric carboxymaltose	approved	Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013.		
DB08918	Levomilnacipran	approved,investigational	Levomilnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. Chemically, levomilnacipran is the 1S,2R-enantiomer of milnacipran. FDA approved on July 25, 2013.		
DB08921	(4R)-limonene	investigational	Limonene is common in cosmetic products. As the main odor constituent of citrus (plant family Rutaceae), D-limonene is used in food manufacturing and some medicines, e.g. as a flavoring to mask the bitter taste of alkaloids, and as a fragrant in perfumery.		
DB08922	Perospirone	experimental	Perospirone is an atypical or second-generation antipsychotic of the azapirone family that antagonizes serotonin 5HT2A receptors and dopamine D2 receptors. It also displays affinity towards 5HT1A receptors as a partial agonist. Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma developed perospirone in Japan in 2001 for the treatment of acute schizophrenia and bipolar mania as well as chronic schizophrenia. It is commonly present as the hydrated hydrochloride salt form. Classified as a neuroleptic agent, perospirone is shown to be effective against positive, negative and general symptoms in patients with schizophrenia [A19676]. It is also shown to be less associated with extrapyramidal symptoms as a side effect compared to [DB00502].		
DB08924	Amfecloral	experimental	Amfecloral is a stimulant drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes. For a short period of time, it was available under the brand Acutran and indicated as an appetite suppressant, but this product no longer exists. It acts as a prodrug which splits to form amphetamine and chloral hydrate, similarly to clobenzorex and related compounds, except that the N-substituent, in this case, yields a compound that is active in its own right. The chloral hydrate metabolite is a gabaminergic sedative/hypnotic, and would in theory counteract some of the stimulant effects of the amphetamine metabolite. This would produce an effect similar to the amphetamine/barbiturate combinations previously used in psychiatric medications.		
DB08925	Adrafinil	withdrawn	Adrafinil is a mild central nervous system stimulating drug typically employed to relieve excessive sleepiness and inattention in geriatric patients. It is also been used off-label to prevent fatigue or falling asleep for extended periods of time. Adrafinil does not currently have FDA approval and is thus unregulated in the United States. It was marketed in France and elsewhere in Europe under the trade name Olmifon until September 2011 when France's FDA equivalent reassessed the drug and withdrew marketing permission.		
DB08926	Acediasulfone	experimental	Acediasulfone (INN) is an antimicrobial and antimalarial long-acting prodrug of dapsone.		
DB08927	Amperozide	experimental	Amperozide is a diphenylbutylpiperazine atypical antipsychotic which antagonizes 5-HT2A receptors. It inhibits dopamine release and alters the firing of dopaminergic neurons. Investigations regarding the use of the agent revolved primarily around its capability for treating schizophrenia in humans even though the drug was ultimately never clinically adopted for this indication. Alternatively, amperozide's main use lies in veterinary medicine, where it is typically employed to minimize aggression and stress in intensively farmed pigs.		
DB08928	Arsthinol	experimental	Arsthinol (INN) is an antiprotozoal agent that was first synthesized by Ernst A.H. Friedheim in 1949 via the complexing of acetarsol with 2,3-dimercaptopropanol. It has since been demonstrated that the agent possesses activity against amoebas and yaws. Considered well tolerated when compared to other related trivalent organoarsenicals, arsthinol has even undergone recent studies as a potential anticancer agent.		
DB08930	Dolutegravir	approved	Dolutegravir is a HIV-1 intergrase inhibitor that blocks the strand transfer step of the integration of the viral genome into the host cell (INSTI).[A7514] The effect of this drug has no homology in human host cells which gives it an excellent tolerability and minimal toxicity.[A31342] Dolutegravir was developed by ViiV Healthcare and FDA approved on August 12, 2013.[L1035] On November 21, 2017, dolutegravir, in combination with rilpivirine, was approved as part of the first complete treatment regimen with only two drugs for the treatment of adults with HIV-1 named Juluca.[L1031]		
DB08931	Riociguat	approved	Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment.		
DB08932	Macitentan	approved	Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age.		
DB08933	Luliconazole	approved	Luliconazole is a topical antifungal agent that acts by unknown mechanisms but is postulated to involve altering the synthesis of fungi cell membranes. It was approved by the FDA (USA) in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Luzu. Luliconazole is also approved in Japan.		
DB08934	Sofosbuvir	approved	Sofosbuvir (tradename Sovaldi) is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as sofosbuvir. As a prodrug nucleotide analog, Sofosbuvir is metabolized into its active form as the antiviral agent 2'-deoxy-2'-α-fluoro-β-C-methyluridine-5'-triphosphate (also known as GS-461203), which acts as a defective substrate for NS5B (non-structural protein 5B) [synthesis]. NS5B, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the transcription of Hepatitis C viral RNA and for its high replicative rate and genetic diversity [A19594]. Sofosbuvir and other direct acting antivirals are therefore very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [A19593]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure.  In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Sofosbuvir as first line therapy in combination with other antivirals for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [L852]. Depending on the genotype, sofosbuvir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as [DB09027], [DB11613], [DB09102], [DB06290], [DB11574], [DB11575], [DB00811], [DB00008], or [DB00022] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as sofosbuvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [A19635]. Since 2014, sofosbuvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with [DB09027] (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without [DB00811] depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label].  When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [A7535]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [A19627].Sofosbuvir is also available as a fixed dose combination product with [DB11613] as the commercially available product Epclusa. First approved in June 2016, Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. Epclusa is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis [L852]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [L852, A19626].Notably, sofosbuvir has come under intense scrutiny since its release to market in 2013. With the price per pill set at $1000, a 12-week treatment can cost upwards of $84,000 per patient [A19636].		
DB08935	Obinutuzumab	approved,investigational	Obinutuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It was approved by the FDA in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Gazyva. There is a black box warning of fatal Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) reactivation and fatal Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML).		
DB08936	Chlorcyclizine	approved	Chlorcyclizine is a first generation phenylpiperazine class antihistamine used to treat urticaria, rhinitis, pruritus, and other allergy symptoms. Chlorcyclizine also has some local anesthetic, anticholinergic, and antiserotonergic properties, and can be used as an antiemetic.	Chlorcyclizine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB08937	TAS-102	investigational	TAS-102 (Taiho Pharma USA, Inc.) is an anti-cancer drug under development and in stage 3 clinical trials for the treatment of colorectal cancer. It is composed of the thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor (TPI) tipiracil and the cytotoxin trifluridine. Trifluridine inhibits tumor growth by being incorporated into DNA during DNA synthesis. Tipiracil prevents trifluridine from being broken down when taken orally.		
DB08938	Magaldrate	approved,withdrawn	Magaldrate is an antacid drug used for the treatment of esophagitis, duodenal and gastric ulcers, and gastroesophageal reflux. Magaldrate has been discontinued in the US market.		
DB08939	Letosteine	experimental	Letosteine is a mucolytic used in the treatment of chronic bronchopneumopathies and related conditions.		
DB08940	Kebuzone	experimental	Kebuzone (also known as ketophenylbutazone ) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.		
DB08941	Isoxsuprine	approved,withdrawn	A beta-adrenergic agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle. Its vasodilating actions are greater on the arteries supplying skeletal muscle than on those supplying skin. It is used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and in premature labor.		
DB08942	Isoxicam	approved,withdrawn	Isoxicam is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug that is not marketed in the United States.		
DB08943	Isoconazole	approved	Isoconazole is an azole antifungal drug that has similar effectiveness to clotrimazole in the treatment of foot and vaginal infections.		
DB08944	Isoaminile	approved,withdrawn	Isoaminile, an antitussive drug with a structure similar to methadone, is also an anticholinergic with both antimuscarinic and antinicotinic properties.		
DB08945	Iotroxic acid	experimental,withdrawn	Iotroxic acid is a contrast medium molecule.		
DB08946	Iopanoic acid	approved,withdrawn	Iopanoic acid contains iodine and is useful as a contrast medium in cholecystography.		
DB08947	Iopamidol	approved	Iopamidol is a contrast agent developed by Bracco with nonionic, low-osmolar properties.		
DB08948	Iodamide	withdrawn	Iodamide is a contrast medium molecule that is no longer marketed in the United States.		
DB08949	Inositol nicotinate	approved,withdrawn	Inositol nicotinate, also known as Inositol hexaniacinate/hexanicotinate or "no-flush niacin", is a niacin ester and vasodilator. It is used in food supplements as a source of niacin (vitamin B3), where hydrolysis of 1 g (1.23 mmol) inositol hexanicotinate yields 0.91 g nicotinic acid and 0.22 g inositol. Niacin exists in different forms including nicotinic acid, nicotinamide and other derivatives such as inositol nicotinate. It is associated with reduced flushing compared to other vasodilators by being broken down into the metabolites and inositol at a slower rate. Nicotinic acid plays an essential role in many important metabolic processes and has been used as lipid-lowering agent. Inositol nicotinate is prescribed in Europe under the name Hexopal as a symptomatic treatment for severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon.		
DB08950	Indoramin	approved,withdrawn	Indoramin is a discontinued piperidine antiadrenergic drug with the trade names Baratol and Doralese. It is a selective alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist with no reflex tachycardia and direct myocardial depression action.		
DB08951	Indoprofen	withdrawn	A drug that has analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties. Following reports of adverse reactions including reports of carcinogenicity in animal studies it was withdrawn from the market worldwide.		
DB08952	Indenolol	withdrawn	Indenolol is a drug of the beta-adrenergic blocker class.		
DB08953	Indalpine	investigational,withdrawn	Indalpine was one of the first selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors to reach the American market. It was initially marketed by Pharmuka. However, after the emergence of widespread concern regarding adverse effects caused by SSRIs, and reported hematological effects caused by Indalpine, it was abruptly withdrawn from the US market.		
DB08954	Ifenprodil	investigational,withdrawn	N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors (NMDARs) are members of the ionotropic glutamate receptor family, with key roles in brain development and neurological function.[A220118, A220128] NMDARs are heterotetramers that typically involve a dimer of dimers of both GluN1 and GluN2A-D subunits, with each subunit itself composed of an N-terminal domain (NTD), a ligand-binding domain (LBD), a transmembrane domain, and a C-terminal cytoplasmic domain. Binding at the LBD of the agonists glycine (or D-serine) to the GluN1 subunits and of glutamate to the GluN2 subunits is a regulatory mechanism for channel activation. In addition, allosteric modulators are known to bind at the NTDs and form another layer of regulation.[A220118, A220128] One such allosteric regulator is ifenprodil, which was first shown to bind the NMDARs in the 1990s, and specifically to those NMDARs containing the GluN2B subunit.[A220133] Further studies elucidated that ifenprodil binds strongly at the inter-subunit interface of adjacent GluN1 and GluN2B NTDs, where it acts as a non-competitive antagonist.[A220118, A220128]Although ifenprodil has received considerable interest in its potential neuromodulatory activities in psychiatric conditions, including dependency[A220138] and depression,[A220143] it has also been shown to have an immunomodulatory effect.[A220143, A196128] In an unbiased screen for compounds capable of reducing cell death induced by infection with the influenza strain H5N1, ifenprodil was found to have a protective effect against H5N1-induced lung damage, in part through its ability to alleviate the H5N1-induced cytokine storm and reduce pulmonary infiltration of neutrophils, natural killer cells, and T cells.[A196128] Ifenprodil is being investigated for its potential utility in treating COVID-19 in an ongoing phase 2b/3 clinical trial (NCT04382924).[L16343]		
DB08955	Ibuproxam	withdrawn	Ibuproxam is a non steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID).		
DB08956	Hydroxydione	investigational,withdrawn	Hydroxydione (Viadril) is a neuroactive steroid used as a general anesthetic.		
DB08957	Hexoprenaline	experimental,withdrawn	Hexoprenaline is a stimulant of beta 2 adrenergic receptors. It is used as a bronchodilator, antiasthmatic, and tocolytic agent.		
DB08958	Hexetidine	approved,investigational	A bactericidal and fungicidal antiseptic. It is used as a 0.1% mouthwash for local infections and oral hygiene.		
DB08960	Hexamethonium	experimental	A nicotinic cholinergic antagonist often referred to as the prototypical ganglionic blocker. It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It has been used for a variety of therapeutic purposes including hypertension but, like the other ganglionic blockers, it has been replaced by more specific drugs for most purposes, although it is widely used a research tool.		
DB08961	Azosemide	investigational	Azosemide is a loop diuretic used to treat hypertension, edema, and ascites.		
DB08962	Glibornuride	investigational,withdrawn	Glibornuride is a sulfonylurea-type anti-diabetic drug.		
DB08964	Gemeprost	approved,withdrawn	Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [A19726]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.		
DB08965	Fusafungine	approved,withdrawn	Fusafungine is an antibiotic from Fusarium lateririum, and is used for the treatment of respiratory infections.		
DB08966	Fursultiamine	approved	Compound used for therapy of thiamine deficiency. It has also been suggested for several non-deficiency disorders but has not yet proven useful. Fursultiamine is a vitamin B1 derivative.		
DB08967	Dimetotiazine	approved	Dimetotiazine has considerable antiemetic & serotonin antagonistic action used mainly in allergic skin conditions.		
DB08968	Fominoben	experimental,withdrawn	Fominoben is an antitussive agent.		
DB08969	Flurothyl	withdrawn	Flurothyl is a convulsant primarily used in experimental animals. It was formerly used to induce convulsions as a alternative to electroshock therapy.		
DB08970	Fluprednidene	experimental	Fluprednidene is a corticosteroid.		
DB08971	Fluocortolone	approved,withdrawn	Fluocortolone is a glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity used topically for various skin disorders.		
DB08972	Flumequine	withdrawn	Flumequine is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class used to treat bacterial infections.		
DB08973	Fluclorolone acetonide	approved,withdrawn	Fluclorolone acetonide (INN) or flucloronide (USAN) is a topical corticosteroid. It is marketed under the brand names Cutanit and Topicon.		
DB08974	Flubendazole	experimental,withdrawn	Flubendazole is an anthelmintic that is used to treat worm infection in humans. It is available OTC in Europe.		
DB08975	Florantyrone	withdrawn	Florantyrone is used in the treatment of biliary dyskinesia		
DB08976	Floctafenine	approved,withdrawn	Floctafenine is an anti-inflammatory analgesic similar in action to aspirin. Floctafenine inhibits prostaglandin synthesis.		
DB08978	Fentonium	withdrawn	Fentonium is an atropine derivative.		
DB08979	Fenspiride	experimental	Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.		
DB08980	Fendiline	withdrawn	Fendiline is a coronary vasodilator which inhibits calcium function in muscle cells in excitation-contraction coupling. It has been proposed as an antiarrhythmic and antianginal agent. Fendiline is non-selective.		
DB08981	Fenbufen	approved	Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation.		
DB08982	Etozoline	experimental	Etozoline is marketed in Europe under the names Diulozin, Elkapin, and Etopinil. Etozoline is a loop diuretic.		
DB08983	Etofibrate	experimental	Etofibrate is a fibrate produced by the combination of clofibrate ester linked to niacin. These components separate in the body slowly allowing for pharmacokinetics similar to controlled-release formulations.		
DB08984	Etofenamate	experimental	Etofenamate is used to treat muscle and joint paint. It is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID).		
DB08985	Etilefrine	approved,withdrawn	Etilefrine is an adrenergic agonist that appears to interact with beta-2 and some alpha adrenergic receptors. It has been used as a vasoconstrictor agent.		
DB08986	Etifoxine	investigational,withdrawn	Etifoxine is an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug developed by Hoechst in the 1960s. It is used in anxiety disorders and to promote peripheral nerve healing. It does not bind to the benzodiazepine receptor though the effects are similar to that of benzodiazepines. It is more effective than lorazepam as an anxiolytic, and has fewer side effects. Etifoxine has been associated with acute liver injury.		
DB08987	Etidocaine	approved	Etidocaine is marketed under the name Duranest. It is an injectable local anesthetic during surgery, labor, and delivery. Etidocaine has a long duration of activity, but has the main disadvantage of increased bleeding during oral surgery.		
DB08988	Ethoheptazine	approved,withdrawn	Ethoheptazine is marketed under the name Zactane. It is a phenazepine based opioid analgesic. It was invented in the 1950s and is related to other drugs such as proheptazine. Ethoheptazine is no longer marketed in the United States.		
DB08989	Etamivan	withdrawn	Etamivan (INN) or ethamivan (USAN) is marketed under the name Analepticon. Etamvin is a respiratory stimulant drug similar to nikethamide. It is no longer used in the United States.		
DB08990	Eprazinone	experimental,withdrawn	Eprazinone (trade name Eftapan) is a mucolytic drug, and relieves bronchospasms.		
DB08991	Epirizole	experimental	Epirizole is an oral nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used for muscle and joint pain.		
DB08992	Eperisone	investigational	Eperisone is an antispasmodic drug which relaxes both skeletal muscles and vascular smooth muscles, and demonstrates a variety of effects such as reduction of myotonia, improvement of circulation, and suppression of the pain reflex. It is not approved for use in the United States, but is available in other countries like India, South Korea, and Bangladesh.		
DB08993	Enviomycin	experimental	Cyclic basic peptide related to viomycin. It is isolated from an induced mutant of Streptomyces griseoverticillatus var. tuberacticus and acts as an antitubercular agent with less ototoxicity than tuberactinomycin.		
DB08994	Ditazole	experimental,withdrawn	Ditazole is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Ditazole's analgesic and antipyretic effects are similar to phenylbutazone. Additionally, ditazole is a platelet aggregation inhibitor marketed in Spain and Portugal with trade name Ageroplas.		
DB08995	Diosmin	approved,investigational	Diosmin is a semisynthetic drug indicated for the treatment of venous disease. Diosmin is a flavone that can be found in the plant Teucrium gnaphalodes. Diosmin is available as a prescription medicine in several European countries, and is available as a nutritional supplement in the United States and the rest of Europe. It should be noted that clinical studies have been inconclusive and no articles have been published pertaining to its use in the treatment of vascular disease. When used in rats, diosmin has been effective at mitigating hyperglycaemia, and may also have antineurodegenerative properties.		
DB08996	Dimetacrine	experimental,withdrawn	Dimetacrine is also known as dimethacrine or acripamine. It is marketed under the names Istonil, Istonyl, Linostil, and Miroistonil. Dimetacrine is a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) with imipramine-like effects used in Europe for the treatment of depression. Dimetacrine is no longer used in Japan.		
DB08997	Dexetimide	withdrawn	A muscarinic antagonist that has been used to treat neuroleptic-induced parkinsonism. Benzetimide is the (-)-enantimorph of dexetimide.		
DB08998	Demexiptiline	experimental	Demexiptiline is marketed under the names Deparon or Tinoran. It is a tricyclic antidepressant which acts primarily as a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor.		
DB08999	Cyclopentamine	withdrawn	Cyclopentamine is a sympathomimetic alkylamine, classified as a vasoconstrictor. Cyclopentamine was an over the counter treatment for nasal congestion in Europe and Australia. It has been widely discontinued due to the safety, effectiveness, and availability of a similar drug, propylhexedrine.		
DB09000	Cyamemazine	experimental	Cyamemazine (Tercian), also known as cyamepromazine, is a typical antipsychotic drug of the phenothiazine class used primarily in the treatment of schizophrenia and psychosis-associated anxiety. Cyamemazine actually behaves like an atypical antipsychotic, due to its potent anxiolytic effects (5-HT2C) and lack of extrapyramidal side effects (5-HT2A).		
DB09001	Barbexaclone	experimental	Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital.  While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties.  These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials.  Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.		
DB09002	Cloperastine	experimental	Cloperastine is a cough suppressant that acts on the central nervous system.		
DB09003	Clocapramine	experimental	Clocapramine is an atypical antipsychotic of the imidobenzyl class which was introduced in Japan in 1974 for the treatment of schizophrenia. In addition to psychosis, clocapramine has also been used to augment antidepressants in the treatment of anxiety and panic. Clocapramine has been implicated in at least one strange death, including a suicide.		
DB09004	Clobutinol	withdrawn	Clobutinol is a cough suppressant that is withdrawn from the US and EU markets. Clobutinol may prolong the QT interval. In 2007, Clobutinol was determined to cause cardiac arrhythmia in some patients.		
DB09005	Batroxobin	experimental	Batroxobin is a defibrinogenating hemostatic agent derived from the venom of a pit viper, Bothrops atrox moojeni. In addition to batroxobin, the venom of Bothrops atrox has a composition of 10.2% neutral carbohydrate. Batroxobin is a serine protease, which cleaves the 16 Arginine - 17 Glycine bond in fibrinogen. The MW of batroxobin is approximately 43,000 g/mol-1, and it contains 231 amino acids.Batroxobin is inactivated by alpha2-macroglobulin, but not anti-thrombin compounds.  Batroxobin will also bind fibrinogen in a manner different than thrombin and with a higher affinity. Once bound to fibrin, it will cause fibrin accretion(clot formation) to a degree 18 folds greater than thrombin. Currently use is experimental but trials have been conducted which support certain clinical applications. Recombinant Batroxobin in relatively affordable and could be accessed by mass production.		
DB09006	Clinofibrate	experimental	Clinofibrate is a fibrate drug sold and marketed in Japan.		
DB09007	Chlorphenoxamine	withdrawn	Chlorphenoxamine is marketed under the name Phenoxene. It is an antihistamine and anticholinergic used to treat itching as well as for its antiparkinsonian effect.	Chlorphenoxamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB09008	Cefaloridine	experimental,withdrawn	Cephaloridine or cefaloridine is a first generation semisynthetic cephalosporin. It is derived from cephalosporin C and is a zwitterion at physiological pH.		
DB09009	Articaine	approved	Articaine is a dental local anesthetic. Articaine is widely used around the world and is the most popular local anesthetic in many European countries.		
DB09010	Carmofur	withdrawn	Carmofur is a derivative of fluorouracil, and is an antineoplastic agent that has been used in the treatment of breast and colorectal cancer. Carmofur has been known to induce leukoencephalopathy.		
DB09011	Beclamide	experimental	Beclamide (N-benzyl-B-chloropropionamide) is a no longer used drug that possesses anticonvulsant and sedative activity. It was studied in the 1950s for generalised tonic-clonic seizures but was not effective for absence seizures.		
DB09012	Carbazochrome	experimental,withdrawn	Carbazochrome is a hemostatic agent that promotes clotting, preventing blood loss from open wounds. It is an oxidation product of adrenaline which enhances the microcirculatory tone [A19747]. In the future this may prevent excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on effectiveness and severity of side effects remains inconclusive. It is not FDA-approved but is available as tablets or IM/SC injections in the treatment of hemorrhages in a number of countries.Carbazochrome has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-surgical acute uncomplicated hemorrhoids in a mixture with [DB13124], and this combination therapy demonstrated efficacy and safe tolerability either at a local or systemic level [A19744].		
DB09013	Befunolol	experimental	Befunolol is a beta blocker introduced in 1983 by Kakenyaku Kakko. It is currently in experimental status, and is being tested for the management of open angle glaucoma.		
DB09014	Captodiame	experimental	Captodiame, also known as captodiamine, is an antihistamine which is used as a sedative and anxiolytic. It is a derivative of diphenhydramine. Captodiame has been suggested for use in preventing benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome.		
DB09015	Canrenoic acid	approved,withdrawn	Canrenoic acid (as the salt potassium canrenoate) is an aldosterone antagonist. Like spironolactone, it is a prodrug, which is metabolized to canrenone in the body.		
DB09016	Butriptyline	approved	Butriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which has been used in Europe since 1974. It is the isobutyl side chain homologue of amitriptyline.		
DB09017	Brotizolam	investigational,withdrawn	Brotizolam is a sedative-hypnotic thienodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine analog. It demonstrates anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant effects. Brotizolam has similar effects to short-acting benzodiazepines such as triazolam. Brotizolam is indicated for 2-4 weeks of treatment for severe or debilitating insomnia. Brotizolam is an extremely potent drug and it is rapidly eliminated with an average half-life of 4.4 hours (range 3.6 - 7.9 hours).Brotizolam is not approved for sale in the UK, United States or Canada but is sold in the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, Belgium, Austria, Portugal, Israel, Italy and Japan.		
DB09018	Bromopride	investigational	Bromopride is a dopamine antagonist used as an antiemetic. Its prokinetic properties are similar to those of metoclopramide. It is unavailable in America or the United Kingdom.		
DB09019	Bromhexine	approved	Bromhexine is an expectorant/mucolytic agent. Bromhexine is not available in the United States. It is marketed under the trade name Bisolvon(R) in Germany, England, Belgium, France, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Australia, and South Africa.		
DB09020	Bisacodyl	approved	Bisacodyl is an organic stimulant laxative that acts directly on the colon to promote bowel movement. Bisacodyl is prescribed for constipation, neurogenic bowel dysfunction, and bowel preparation before medical examinations.		
DB09021	Benzoctamine	experimental	Benzoctamine is a drug with two main uses. It can be used as a sedative which does not depress the respiratory system, but rather stimulates it. It can also be used as an anxiolytic with the same efficacy as chlordiazepoxide for treating anxiety neurosis.		
DB09022	Benfluorex	investigational,withdrawn	Benfluorex is an anorectic and hypolipidemic agent that is structurally related to fenfluramine. It was patented and manufactured by a French pharmaceutical company Servier. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) recommended withdrawing all benfluorex containing medicines on 18 December 2009. This recommendation was based on the risks (especially fenfluramine-like cardiovascular side-effects) outweighing the benefits.		
DB09023	Benactyzine	withdrawn	Benactyzine is an anticholinergic drug used as an antidepressant in the treatment of depression and associated anxiety.Benactyzine is no longer widely used in medicine, although it is still a useful drug for scientific research. It does not possess any antihistamine properties.		
DB09026	Aliskiren	approved,investigational	Aliskiren is the first drug in the renin inhibitor drug class and is used for the treatment of hypertension.[A203624] It was developed by Speedel and Novartis and initially approved by the FDA in early 2007.[L14018] Aliskiren has been proven to efficacious in reducing blood pressure when used alone or in conjunction with other antihypertensive agents.[A203624]		
DB09027	Ledipasvir	approved	Ledipasvir is a direct acting antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as ledipasvir. More specifically, ledipasvir is an inhibitor of the Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Non-Structural Protein 5A (NS5A), which is required for viral RNA replication and assembly of HCV virions. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it is postulated to prevent hyperphosphorylation of NS5A which is required for viral protein production. It is effective against genotypes 1a, 1b, 4a, and 5a and with a lesser activity against genotypes 2a and 3a of HCV. Ledipasvir and other direct acting antivirals are very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [A19593]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure.  In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend ledipasvir as a first line therapy option in combination with [sofosbuvir] for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, 4, 5, and 6 [L852]. Treatment with ledipasvir is used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as ledipasvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [A19635]. Since 2014, ledipasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with [sofosbuvir] (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without [ribavirin] depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [FDA Label]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [A19627].		
DB09028	Cytisine	experimental	Cytisine is an alkaloid naturally derived from the Fabaceae family of plants including the genera Laburnum and Cytisus. Recent studies have shown it to be a more effective and significantly more affordable smoking cessation treatment than nicotine replacement therapy. Also known as baptitoxine or sophorine, cytisine has been used as a smoking cessation treatment since 1964, and is relatively unknown in regions outside of central and Eastern Europe. Cytisine is a partial nicotinic acetylcholine agonist with a half-life of 4.8 hours. Recent Phase III clinical trials using Tabex (a brand of Cytisine marketed by Sopharma AD) have shown similar efficacy to varenicline, but at a fraction of the cost.		
DB09029	Secukinumab	approved	Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.		
DB09030	Vorapaxar	approved	Vorapaxar is a tricyclic himbacine-derived selective inhibitor of protease activated receptor (PAR-1) indicated for reducing the incidence of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). By inhibiting PAR-1, a thrombin receptor expressed on platelets, vorapaxar prevents thrombin-related platelet aggregation.		
DB09031	Miltefosine	approved,investigational	Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.		
DB09033	Vedolizumab	approved	Vedolizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the human lymphocyte α4β7 integrin, a key mediator of gastrointestinal inflammation. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease for patients who have had an inadequate response with, lost response to, or were intolerant to inhibitors of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) or other conventional therapies. By blocking its primary target, α4β7 integrin, vedolizumab reduces inflammation in the gut. Vedolizumab is administered by IV infusion over a period of 30 minutes; after the first dose, it is given again at two and six weeks and then every 8 weeks thereafter.		
DB09034	Suvorexant	approved,investigational	Suvorexant is a selective dual antagonist of orexin receptors OX1R and OX2R that promotes sleep by reducing wakefulness and arousal. It has been approved for the treatment of insomnia.		
DB09035	Nivolumab	approved	Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 antibody targeting the immune checkpoint programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1).[L12129] This antibody was produced entirely in mice and grafted onto human kappa and IgG4 Fc region with the mutation _S228P_ for additional stability and reduced variability.[A35203] It was developed by Bristol Myers Squibb.[L12129]Nivolumab was granted FDA approval on 22 December 2014.[L12129]		
DB09036	Siltuximab	approved,investigational	Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.		
DB09037	Pembrolizumab	approved	Pembrolizumab is a highly selective IgG4-kappa humanized monoclonal antibody against PD-1 receptor. It was generated by grafting the variable sequences of a very high-affinity mouse antihuman PD-1 antibody onto a human IgG4-kappa isotype with the containing a stabilizing S228P Fc mutation.[A18829] It contains 32 cysteine residues and the complete folded molecule includes 4 disulfide linkages as interchain bonds and 23 interchain bonds.[F136] It was developed by Merck & Co and firstly approved for the treatment of metastatic malignant melanoma. This is the first approved therapy against PD-1.[A7624] It was approved firstly by the FDA on September 4, 2014.[L2954] Its approval in melanoma was extended to several countries such as Australia, Israel, Korea, Macau, the European Union and the United Arab Emirates.[A33350] On June 12, 2018, Pembrolizumab was approved for the treatment of cervical cancer under the status of accelerated approval.[L2955]		
DB09038	Empagliflozin	approved	Empagliflozin is an inhibitor of sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2), the transporters primarily responsible for the reabsorption of glucose in the kidney.[A203453] It is used clinically as an adjunct to diet and exercise, often in combination with other drug therapies,[L13673,L13679,L11479] for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.[L13688]The first known inhibitor of SGLTs, phlorizin, was isolated from the bark of apple trees in 1835 and researched extensively into the 20th century, but was ultimately deemed inappropriate for clinical use given its lack of specificity and significant gastrointestinal side effects.[A203501] Attempts at overcoming these limitations first saw the development of O-glucoside analogs of phlorizin (e.g. [remogliflozin etabonate]), but these molecules proved relatively pharmacokinetically unstable. The development of C-glucoside phlorizin analogs remedied the issues observed in the previous generation, and led to the FDA approval of [canagliflozin] in 2013 and both [dapagliflozin] and empagliflozin in 2014.[A203501] As the most recently approved of the "flozin" drugs, empagliflozin carries the highest selectivity for SGLT2 over SGLT1 (approximately 2700-fold).		
DB09039	Eliglustat	approved	Eliglustat, marketed by Genzyme as CERDELGA, is a glucosylceramide synthase inhibitor indicated for the long-term treatment of type 1 Gaucher disease. Patients selected for treatment with Eliglustat undergo an FDA approved genotype test to establish if they are CYP2D6 EM (extensive metabolizers), IM (intermediate metabolizers), or PM (poor metabolizers), as the results of this test dictate the dosage of Eliglustat recommended. There are no recommended dosing guidelines for CYP2D6 ultra-rapid or indeterminate metabolizers. Eliglustat was approved for use by the FDA in August 2014.		
DB09040	Efinaconazole	approved	Efinaconazole is a 14 alpha-demethylase inhibitor indicated in the treatment of fungal infection of the nail, known as onychomycosis. It was approved for use in Canada and the USA in 2014 and is marketed by Valeant Pharmaceuticals North America LLC under the name Jublia.		
DB09041	Tavaborole	approved,investigational	Tavaborale is a novel, boron-based topical antifungal medication for the treatment of onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the nail and nail bed due to *Trichophyton rubrum* or *Trichophyton mentagrophytes* infection. Tavaborole functions by inhibiting Leucyl-tRNA synthetase, or LeuRS, an essential fungal enzyme required for protein synthesis and for the catalysis of ATP-dependent ligation of L-leucine to tRNA(Leu).		
DB09042	Tedizolid phosphate	approved	Drug-resistant bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant _Staphylococcus aureus_, vancomycin-resistant _Enterococcus faecium_, and penicillin-resistant _Streptococcus penumoniae_, represent a massive public health threat.[A199086, A199131] Tedizolid is a member of the oxazolidinone class of antibiotics, which includes the previously approved [linezolid] and is generally effective against multidrug-resistant Gram-positive bacteria. Tedizolid is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) and is generally more effective and more tolerable than [linezolid].[L11232, A199086, A199050]Tedizolid was approved by the FDA on June 20, 2014, for sale by Cubist Pharmaceuticals as tedizolid phosphate (SIVEXTRO®). This product is currently available as both an oral tablet and as a powder for intravenous injection.[L11232]		
DB09043	Albiglutide	approved	Albiglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is marketed under the brands Eperzan and Tanzeum by GSK (GlaxoSmithKline). It is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4-resistant glucagon-like peptide-1 dimer fused to human albumin. Albiglutide was approved on April 15, 2014 by the FDA.		
DB09045	Dulaglutide	approved,investigational	Dulaglutide is a novel glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug consisting of a dipeptidyl peptidase-IV-protected GLP-1 analogue covalently linked to a human IgG4-Fc heavy chain by a small peptide linker. Dulaglutide is indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and can be used once a week. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014. Dulaglutide is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lily under the brand Trulicity™. It is not known if dulaglutide can increase the risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2, and is thus not recommended for use in populations with a personal or family history of these conditions.		
DB09046	Metreleptin	approved	Metreleptin, a recombinant analog of the human hormone leptin, is an orphan drug used to treat complications of leptin deficiency in people with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy. Affecting less than 500 people worldwide, lipodystrophy is characterized by a lack of adipose tissue, fat deposition in the muscles and liver, and metabolic complications such as hypertriglyceridemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver disease. These metabolic abnormalities are often aggravated by excessive food intake, which is further aggravated by leptin deficiency, a protein secreted by adipose tissue. Administration of Metreleptin results in improvement of metabolic symptoms including improvements in insulin resistance, reduced HbA1c and fasting glucose, reduced triglycerides, and reductions in food intake. Metreleptin is produced in E. coli and differs from native human leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. It is administered as a once daily subcutaneous injection. On Feb. 24, 2014, Metreleptin was approved by the FDA for the treatment of complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metreleptin is marketed under the brand Myalept® by Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.		
DB09047	Finafloxacin	approved,investigational	Finafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic indicated in the treatment of acute otitis externa (swimmer's ear) caused by the bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. Finafloxacin is marketed by Novartis under the brand Xtoro™, and was approved by the FDA in December 2014.		
DB09048	Netupitant	approved,investigational	Netupitant is an antiemitic drug approved by the FDA in October 2014 for use in combination with palonosetron for the prevention of acute and delayed vomiting and nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy including highly emetogenic chemotherapy. Netupitant is a neurokinin 1 receptor antagonist. The combination drug is marketed by Eisai Inc. and Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.) Inc. under the brand Akynzeo.		
DB09049	Naloxegol	approved	Naloxegol, for "PEGylated naloxol" is a peripherally-selective opioid antagonist developed by AstraZeneca. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014 and is indicated for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation (OIC) in adult patients with chronic non‑cancer pain. The advantage of naloxegol over the opioid antagonist naloxone is that its PEGylated structure allows for high selectivity for peripheral opioid receptors and lack of entry into the central nervous system through the blood-brain barrier.		
DB09050	Ceftolozane	approved,investigational	Ceftolozane is a semi-synthetic broad-spectrum fifth generation cephalosporin.[L6685] It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for use in combination with [Tazobactam] for the treatment of serious infections, such as intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections. The manufacturer of this drug is Cubist Pharmaceuticals.[A179422] Most recently, in June 2019, ceftolozane-tazobactam was approved for the treatment of hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia.[FDA label]Hospital-acquired pneumonia and ventilator-associated pneumonia are major causes of morbidity and mortality in hospitalized patients and the use of ceftolozane-tazobactam offers effective activity against various organisms causing these infections, such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa.[L6691]		
DB09051	Elosulfase alfa	approved,investigational	Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.		
DB09052	Blinatumomab	approved,investigational	Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.		
DB09053	Ibrutinib	approved	Ibrutinib is a small molecule that acts as an irreversible potent inhibitor of Burton's tyrosine kinase. It is designated as a targeted covalent drug and it presents a very promising activity in B cell malignancies.[A32299] Ibrutinib was developed by Pharmacyclics Inc and in November 2013 was FDA-approved for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma. Later, in February 2014, ibrutinib was approved for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and it is also indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenström's Macroglobulinemia.[L1926] Ibrutinib has also been approved by the EMA for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma.[A32299] Ibrutinib was approved for use in chronic graft versus host disease in August 2017 [L937].		
DB09054	Idelalisib	approved	Idelalisib is a phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor indicated in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), relapsed follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (FL), and relapsed small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). For the treatment of relapsed CLL, it is currently indicated as a second-line agent in combination with rituximab in patients for whom rituximab alone would be considered appropriate therapy due to other co-morbidities, while in the treatment of FL and SLL it is intended to be used in patients who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. More specifically, idelalisib targets P110δ, the delta isoform of the enzyme phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, also known as PI-3K. The PI-3Ks are a family of enzymes involved in cellular functions such as cell growth, proliferation, differentiation, motility, survival and intracellular trafficking, which in turn are involved in cancer. In contrast to the other class IA PI3Ks p110α and p110β, p110δ is principally expressed in leukocytes (white blood cells) and is important for the function of T cells, B cell, mast cells and neutrophils. By inhibiting this enzyme, idelalisib induces apoptosis of malignant cells and inhibits several cell signaling pathways, including B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling and C-X-C chemokine receptors type 5 and type 4 signalling, which are involved in trafficking and homing of B-cells to the lymph nodes and bone marrow. Treatment of lymphoma cells with idelalisib has been shown to result in inhibition of chemotaxis and adhesion, and reduced cell viability.		
DB09055	Acipimox	approved,investigational	Acipimox is a niacin derivative used as a hypolipidemic agent. It is used in low doses and may have less marked adverse effects, although it is unclear whether the recommended dose is as effective as are standard doses of nicotinic acid. Acipimox inhibits the production of triglycerides by the liver and the secretion of VLDL, which leads indirectly to a modest reduction in LDL and increase in HDL. Long-term administration is associated with reduced mortality, but unwanted effects limit its clinical use. Adverse effects include flushing (associated with Prostaglandin D2), palpitations, and GI disturbances. Flushing can be reduced by taking aspirin 20-30 min before taking Acipimox. High doses can cause disorders of liver function, impair glucose tolerance and precipitate gout.		
DB09056	Amorolfine	approved,investigational	Amorolfine or amorolfin, is a morpholine antifungal drug that inhibits the fungal enzymes D14 reductase and D7-D8 isomerase. This inhibition affects fungal sterol synthesis pathways, depleting ergosterol and causing ignosterol to accumulate in the fungal cytoplasmic cell membranes. Amorolfine is marketed as Curanail, Loceryl, Locetar, and Odenil. It is available in the form of a 5% amorolfine nail lacquer used to treat onychomycosis (fungal infection of the toe- and fingernails). Amorolfine 5% nail lacquer in once or twice weekly applications is 60-71% effective in treating toenail onychomycosis; complete cure rates three months after stopping treatment (after six months of treatment) were 38-46%. However, full experimental details of these trials were not available and since they were first reported in 1992 there have been no subsequent trials.It is a topical solution for the treatment of toenail infections. Systemic treatments may be considered more effective.It is approved for sale over the counter in Australia and the UK (recently re-classified to over the counter status), and is approved for the treatment of toenail fungus by prescription in other countries. It is not approved for the treatment of onychomycosis in the United States or Canada.		
DB09057	Anthrax immune globulin human	approved	Anthrax immune globulin is a human antibody given with antibiotics for the treatment of anthrax. It is derived from the plasma of humans immunized with BioThrax (adsorbed anthrax vaccine), which is then further purified. Available as the product Anthrasil (FDA), the result is a solution for slow IV infusion containing polyclonal antibodies that bind the protective antigen (PA) component of Bacillus anthracis lethal and edema toxins. This binding of antibody to PA prevents PA-mediated cellular entry of toxic factors. It is administered in combination with appropriate antibiotic therapy as the immunoglobulin itself is not known to have direct antibacterial activity against anthrax bacteria, which otherwise may continue to grow and produce anthrax toxins.		
DB09059	Atosiban	approved,investigational	Atosiban is an inhibitor of the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin. It is used intravenously to halt premature labor. Although initial studies suggested it could be used as a nasal spray and hence would not require hospital admission, it is not used in that form. Atobisan was developed by the Swedish company Ferring Pharmaceuticals. It was first reported in the literature in 1985. Atosiban is licensed in proprietary and generic forms for the delay of imminent pre-term birth in pregnant adult women.		
DB09060	Avibactam	approved	Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options.		
DB09061	Cannabidiol	approved,investigational	Cannabidiol, or CBD, is one of at least 85 active cannabinoids identified within the Cannabis plant. It is a major phytocannabinoid, accounting for up to 40% of the Cannabis plant's extract, that binds to a wide variety of physiological targets of the endocannabinoid system within the body. Although the exact medical implications are currently being investigated, CBD has shown promise as a therapeutic and pharmaceutical drug target. In particular, CBD has shown promise as an analgesic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, anxiolytic, antipsychotic and has shown neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant activity, among other currently investigated uses [A32477, A32469]. CBD's exact place within medical practice is still currently hotly debated, however as the body of evidence grows and legislation changes to reflect its wide-spread use, public and medical opinion have changed significantly with regards to its usefulness in a number of medical conditions ranging from anxiety to epilepsy.From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' (and CBD's) diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered cannabinoids, a class of compounds that act upon endogenous cannabinoid receptors of the body [A32584]. Cannabinoid receptors are utilized endogenously by the body through the endocannabinoid system, which includes a group of lipid proteins, enzymes, and receptors that are involved in many physiological processes. Through its modulation of neurotransmitter release, the endocannabinoid system regulates cognition, pain sensation, appetite, memory, sleep, immune function, and mood among many other bodily systems. These effects are largely mediated through two members of the G-protein coupled receptor family, cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 (CB1 and CB2)[A32585,A32824]. CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous systems, with the majority of receptors localized to the hippocampus and amygdala of the brain. Physiological effects of using cannabis make sense in the context of its receptor activity as the hippocampus and amygdala are primarily involved with regulation of memory, fear, and emotion. In contrast, CB2 receptors are mainly found peripherally in immune cells, lymphoid tissue, and peripheral nerve terminals [A32676].Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are two types of cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which interact with the cannabinoid receptors that are found throughout the body. Although THC and CBD have been the most studied cannabinoids, there are many others identified to date including cannabinol (CBN), cannabigerol (CBG), [DB14050] (CBDV), and [DB11755] (THCV) that can be found within the medical cannabis [A32830]. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. If not provided in their activated form (such as through synthetic forms of THC like [DB00470] or [DB00486]), THC and CBD are obtained through conversion from their precursors, tetrahydrocannabinolic acid-A (THCA-A) and cannabidiolic acid (CBDA), through decarboxylation reactions. This can be achieved through heating, smoking, vaporization, or baking of dried unfertilized female cannabis flowers.The primary psychoactive component of Cannabis, delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity at Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors. This activity results in the well-known effects of smoking cannabis such as increased appetite, reduced pain, and changes in emotional and cognitive processes. In contrast to THC's weak agonist activity, CBD has been shown to act as a negative allosteric modulator of the cannabinoid CB1 receptor, the most abundant G-Protein Coupled Receptor (GPCR) in the body [A32469]. Allosteric regulation is achieved through the modulation of receptor activity on a functionally distinct site from the agonist or antagonist binding site which is clinically significant as direct agonists (such as THC) are limited by their psychomimetic effects such as changes to mood, memory, and anxiety[A32469]. In addition to the well-known activity on CB1 and CB2 receptors, there is further evidence that CBD also activates 5-HT1A/2A/3A serotonergic and TRPV1–2 vanilloid receptors, antagonizes alpha-1 adrenergic and µ-opioid receptors, inhibits synaptosomal uptake of noradrenaline, dopamine, serotonin and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), and cellular uptake of anandamide, acts on mitochondria Ca2+ stores, blocks low-voltage-activated (T-type) Ca2+ channels, stimulates activity of the inhibitory glycine-receptor, and inhibits activity of fatty amide hydrolase (FAAH) [A31555, A31574].CBD is currently available in Canada within a 1:1 formulation with tetrahydrocannbinol (THC) (as the formulation known as "nabiximols") as the brand name product Sativex. It is approved for use as adjunctive treatment for symptomatic relief of spasticity in adult patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Sativex was also given a conditional Notice of Compliance (NOC/c) for use as adjunctive treatment for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain in adult patients with multiple sclerosis and as adjunctive analgesic treatment for moderate to severe pain in adult patients with advanced cancer [L886].In April 2018, a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel unanimously recommended approval of Epidiolex (cannabidiol oral solution) for the treatment of two rare forms of epilepsy - Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome, which are among the two most difficult types of epilepsy to treat [L2721, L2719]. Epidiolex was granted Orphan Drug designation as well as Fast Track Approval from the FDA for further study in these hard to treat conditions. Notably, phase 3 clinical trials of Epidiolex have demonstrated clinically significant improvement in Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome [L2720]. On June 25th, 2018, Epidiolex was approved by the FDA to be the first CBD-based product available on the US market.		
DB09062	Cefminox	experimental	Cefminox (INN) is a second generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is approved for use in Japan.		
DB09063	Ceritinib	approved	Ceritinib is used for the treatment of adults with anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) following failure (secondary to resistance or intolerance) of prior crizotinib therapy. About 4% of patients with NSCLC have a chromosomal rearrangement that generates a fusion gene between EML4 (echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4) and ALK (anaplastic lymphoma kinase), which results in constitutive kinase activity that contributes to carcinogenesis and seems to drive the malignant phenotype. Ceritinib exerts its therapeutic effect by inhibiting autophosphorylation of ALK, ALK-mediated phosphorylation of the downstream signaling protein STAT3, and proliferation of ALK-dependent cancer cells. Following treatment with crizotinib (a first-generation ALK inhibitor), most tumours develop drug resistance due to mutations in key "gatekeeper" residues of the enzyme. This occurrence led to development of novel second-generation ALK inhibitors such as ceritinib to overcome crizotinib resistance. The FDA approved ceritinib in April 2014 due to a surprisingly high response rate (56%) towards crizotinib-resistant tumours and has designated it with orphan drug status.		
DB09064	Ciprofibrate	approved,investigational			
DB09065	Cobicistat	approved	Cobicistat, marketed under the name Tybost (formerly GS-9350), indicated for treating infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Although it does not have any anti-HIV activity, cobicistat acts as a pharmacokinetic enhancer by inhibiting cytochrome P450 3A isoforms (CYP3A) and therefore increases the systemic exposure of coadministered agents that are metabolized by CYP3A enzymes. More specifically, cobicistat is indicated to increase systemic exposure of atazanavir or darunavir (once daily dosing regimen) in combination with other antiretroviral agents in the treatment of HIV-1 infection. Increasing systemic exposure of anti-retrovirals (ARVs) without increasing dosage allows for better treatment outcomes and a decreased side effect profile.		
DB09066	Corifollitropin alfa	approved,investigational	Corifollitropin alfa, also known as _Elonva_ is used in women undergoing fertility treatment to stimulate the development of more than one mature egg (oocyte) at a time in the ovaries. This drug used together with _a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist_, a type of medicine also used in fertility treatments. Elonva is available only by prescription [L2270].In July 2014, Merck announced the receipt of a Complete Response Letter (CRL) from the U.S. FDA for its New Drug Application for this drug. Corifollitropin alfa is marketed as Elonva in more than 75 countries [L2272].Corifollitropin alfa is produced by a method known as ‘recombinant DNA technology’. This means that it is made by cells into which a DNA has been introduced that makes them able to produce corifollitropin alfa [L2270].Multiple studies and a meta-analysis suggest that corifollitropin alfa is as efficacious as recombinant FSH in terms of live birth rate, ongoing pregnancy rate, as well as clinical pregnancy rate. The increased in the number of eggs retrieved under corifollitropin alfa regimen represents the elevated effectiveness of this drug, however, warns at the same time against the possibility of an increased risk of ovarian hyperstimulation in the high responder study group of women [L2276], [A32526].		
DB09067	Corticorelin ovine triflutate	approved	Corticorelin, available commercially as corticorelin ovine triflutate (tradename Acthrel), is a synthetic form of the peptide human corticotropin-releasing hormone (hCRH), a potent stimulator of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) release from the anterior pituitary. Endogenous forms hCRH are involved in the stress response and its main function is stimulation of the pituitary to release ACTH. It is used as a diagnostic agent to evaluate the status of the pituitary-adrenal axis in the differentiation of a pituitary source from an ectopic source of excessive ACTH secretion. It provides a differential diagnosis for Cushing's disease (a pituitary source of ACTH excess) or of ectopic ACTH syndrome (an ectopic source of ACTH excess). If corticorelin injection results in an increase of plasma ACTH and cortisol, the patient is diagnosed with Cushing's disease. However, if corticorelin injection does not result in an increase of plasma ACTH and cortisol, the patient is diagnosed with ectopic ACTH syndrome.		
DB09068	Vortioxetine	approved,investigational	Vortioxetine is an atypical antipsychotic and antidepressant indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). It is classified as a serotonin modulator and simulator (SMS) as it has a multimodal mechanism of action towards the serotonin neurotransmitter system whereby it simultaneously modulates one or more serotonin receptors and inhibits the reuptake of serotonin. More specifically, vortioxetine acts via the following biological mechanisms: as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) through inhibition of the serotonin transporter, as a partial agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor, an agonist of 5-HT1A, and an antagonist of the 5-HT3, 5-HT1D, and 5-HT7 receptors. SMSs were developed because there are many different subtypes of serotonin receptors, however, not all of these receptors appear to be involved in the antidepressant effects of SRIs. Some serotonin receptors seem to play a relatively neutral or insignificant role in the regulation of mood, but others, such as 5-HT1A autoreceptors and 5-HT7 receptors, appear to play an oppositional role in the efficacy of SRIs in treating depression.		
DB09069	Trimetazidine	approved,investigational	Trimetazidine is a drug for angina pectoris sold under the brand name Vastarel MR. Trimetazidine is described as the first cytoprotective anti-ischemic agent developed and marketed by Laboratoires Servier (France). Trimetazidine is an anti-ischemic (anti-anginal) metabolic agent, which improves myocardial glucose utilization through inhibition of long-chain 3-ketoacyl CoA thiolase activity, which results in a reduction in fatty acid oxidation and a stimulation of glucose oxidation. High fatty acid oxidation rates are detrimental during ischemia due to an inhibition of glucose oxidation leading to uncoupling of glycolysis and an increase in proton production, which has the potential to accelerate sodium and calcium overload in the heart, which leads to an exacerbation of ischemic injury and decreased cardiac efficiency during reperfusion.		
DB09070	Tibolone	approved,investigational	Tibolone is a synthetic steroid hormone drug, which is mainly non-selective in its binding profile, acting as an agonist primarily at estrogen receptors (ER), with a preference for ER alpha [L1874].Tibolone (Livial, Org OD 14), produced by Organon (West Orange, NJ), is a synthetic steroid that possesses estrogenic, androgenic and progestogenic properties. It has been used in Europe for almost 2 decades, primarily for the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis and the treatment of post-menopausal symptoms [L1720].  Tibolone is approved in 90 countries to manage menopausal symptoms and in 45 countries to prevent the development of osteoporosis [L1876].In June 2006, Organon Pharmaceuticals announced the receipt of a Not Approvable Letter from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), advising the company that the New Drug Application (NDA) for tibolone had not been approved [L1722].Interestingly, the use of tibolone in the treatment cardiovascular disease has been studied with inconclusive results [A32164]. Tibolone has been to have anti-resorptive effects on bone [L1874].		
DB09071	Tasimelteon	approved,investigational	Tasimelteon is a selective dual melatonin receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD). Occurring commonly in blind individuals without light perception, this condition is often characterized by periods of night-time insomnia and day-time sleepiness. In blind individuals, a lack of light stimulation causes an extension of the 24-hour circadian cycle and can lead to progressively delayed sleep onset. By activating melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, tasimelteon has been shown to improve sleep by resynchronizing the circadian rhythm through its "non-photic" mechanism. Tasimelteon is currently the only drug available for the treatment of N24HSWD and was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in 2010.		
DB09072	Sodium oxybate	approved	Sodium oxybate (Xyrem) is a central nervous system depressant used for the treatment of cataplexy  and extreme daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy. It is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) which is an endogenous compound and a metabolite of the neurotransmitter GABA. The exact mechanism of action for treating EDS and cataplexy is not known but is is hypothesised that its therapeutic effects are due to GABA(B) effects on noradrenergic, dopaminaergic and thalamocorticol neurons. The drug follows non-linear pharmacokinetics. As it has been associated with misuse/abuse it is strictly controlled and all patients and prescribers must enroll in the sodium oxybate REMs program in order to gain access to the medication.		
DB09073	Palbociclib	approved,investigational	Palbociclib is a piperazine pyridopyrimidine[A176792] that acts in the cell cycle machinery. It is a second generation cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor[A176798] selected from a group of pyridopyrimidine compounds due to its favorable physical and pharmaceutical properties.[A176810]Palbociclib was developed by Pfizer Inc after the discovery that identified the cyclin-dependent kinases as key regulators of cell growth.[L5867] It was originally FDA approved on March 2015 for the treatment of HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer and its indications were updated in April 2019 to include male patients based on findings from postmarketing reports and electronic health records demonstrating safety and clinical efficacy.[L4894]		
DB09074	Olaparib	approved	Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.Moreover, in December of 2018 the FDA further approved the categorization and use of Lynparza (olaparib) as frontline maintenance therapy in ovarian cancer, making the medication the first time a PARP inhibitor has been approved in the first-line maintenance setting [L5086]. This new approval for frontline maintenance now allows patients who have had surgery and complete or partial response to platinum-based therapy after being first diagnosed with the cancer to be treated with olaparib to decrease the risk of recurrence or delay it significantly [L5086]. This approval is based on findings from the phase 3 SOLO-1 trial for olaparib, which demonstrated the capacity for the agent to reduce the risk of disease progression or death by 70% in patients with BRCA-mutant advanced ovarian cancer who were in complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy [L5086]. It is expected that the ability to offer this important first-line maintenance treatment option to eligible patients may slow down or even stop the natural course of disease progression [L5086].		
DB09075	Edoxaban	approved	Edoxaban is a member of the Novel Oral Anti-Coagulants (NOACs) class of drugs, and is a rapidly acting, oral, selective factor Xa inhibitor. By inhibiting factor Xa, a key protein in the coagulation cascade, edoxaban prevents the stepwise amplification of protein factors needed to form blood clots. It is indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) and for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) following 5-10 days of initial therapy with a parenteral anticoagulant. Traditionally, warfarin, a vitamin K antagonist, was used for stroke prevention in these individuals but effective use of this drug is limited by it's delayed onset, narrow therapeutic window, need for regular monitoring and INR testing, and numerous drug-drug and drug-food interactions. This has prompted enthusiasm for newer agents such as dabigatran, apixaban, and rivaroxaban for effective clot prevention. In addition to once daily dosing, the benefits over warfarin also include significant reductions in hemorrhagic stroke and GI bleeding, and improved compliance, which is beneficial as many patients will be on lifelong therapy.		
DB09076	Umeclidinium	approved	Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function.		
DB09077	Dinutuximab	approved,investigational	Dinutuximab is an IgG1 monoclonal human/mouse chimeric antibody against GD2, a disialoganglioside expressed on tumors of neuroectodermal origin, including human neuroblastoma and melanoma, with highly restricted expression on normal tissues. It is composed of the variable heavy- and light-chain regions of the murine anti-GD2 mAb 14.18 and the constant regions of human IgG1 heavy-chain and kappa light-chain. By binding to GD2, dinutiximab induces antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity and complement-dependent cytotoxicity of tumor cells thereby leading to apoptosis and inhibiting proliferation of the tumour. It is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.		
DB09078	Lenvatinib	approved,investigational	Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.		
DB09079	Nintedanib	approved	Nintedanib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used in the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis, systemic sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease, and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).[L8453,L8459] It was first approved for use in the United States in 2014.[L8453] Within the spectrum of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis treatment options, nintedanib is currently one of only two disease-modifying therapies available and indicated for the condition (the other being [Pirfenidone]) and as such is  used as a first-line treatment following diagnosis to slow down the progressive loss of lung function.[A185237] As a chemotherapeutic agent for NSCLC, nintedanib, in combination with [Docetaxel], is reserved for patients who have tried and failed first-line chemotherapeutic options.[L8459]		
DB09080	Olodaterol	approved	Olodaterol is a novel, long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) that exerts its pharmacological effect by binding and activating beta2-adrenergic receptors located primarily in the lungs. Beta2-adrenergic receptors are membrane-bound receptors that are normally activated by endogenous epinephrine whose signalling, via a downstream L-type calcium channel interaction, mediates smooth muscle relaxation and bronchodilation. Activation of the receptor stimulates an associated G protein which then activates adenylate cyclase, catalyzing the formation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and protein kinase A (PKA). Elevation of these two molecules induces bronchodilation by relaxation of airway smooth muscles. It is by this mechanism that olodaterol is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the progressive airflow obstruction that is characteristic of it. Treatment with bronchodilators helps to mitigate associated symptoms such as shortness of breath, cough, and sputum production. Single doses of olodaterol have been shown to improve forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1) for 24 h in patients with COPD, allowing once daily dosing. A once-a-day treatment with a LABA has several advantages over short-acting bronchodilators and twice-daily LABAs including improved convenience and compliance and improved airflow over a 24-hour period. Despite similarities in symptoms, olodaterol is not indicated for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD or for the treatment of asthma.		
DB09081	Idebenone	approved,investigational	Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [A19768]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [L885]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [A19769]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [L885]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.		
DB09082	Vilanterol	approved	Vilanterol is a selective long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) with inherent 24-hour activity for once daily treatment of COPD and asthma. Its pharmacological effect is attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenylyl cyclase which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increases in cyclic AMP are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of hypersensitivity mediators from mast cells in the lungs. Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.		
DB09083	Ivabradine	approved	Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure.  Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Recently a new indication was added to treat symptomatic heart failure from dilated cardiomyopathy for patients 6 months or more in age[Label]. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.		
DB09084	Benzydamine	approved	Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde or Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. It is used topically for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal system.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.		
DB09085	Tetracaine	approved,vet_approved	Tetracaine is an ester local anaesthetic currently available in combination with lidocaine as a cream and patch.		
DB09086	Eugenol	approved	Eugenol is a naturally occurring phenolic molecule found in several plants such as cinnamon, clove, and bay leaves. It has been used as a topical antiseptic as a counter-irritant and in dental preparations with zinc oxide for root canal sealing and pain control. Although not currently available in any FDA-approved products (including OTC), eugenol has been found to have anti-inflammatory, neuroprotective, antipyretic, antioxidant, antifungal and analgesic properties. Its exact mechanism of action is unknown, however, it has been shown to interfere with action potential conduction. There are a number of unapproved OTC products available containing eugenol that advertise its use for the treatment of toothache.		
DB09087	Potassium alum	approved	Potassium alum is considered by the FDA as a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) substance.[L1070] It is an inorganic salt, also called potassium aluminum sulfate with a formula of AlK(SO4)2 that is predominantly produced in the dodecahydrate form (AlK(SO4)2 * 12H2O). Potassium alum is formed by large, transparent crystals that are used in different products like food or drugs as a buffer, neutralizing or forming agent.[T60]		
DB09088	Amylocaine	approved,withdrawn	Despite the introduction of using cocaine injections for regional anesthesia in 1884, non-addictive substitutes were sought after immediately [L1882]. Finally, in 1903 the world's first synthetic and non-addictive local anesthetic, amylocaine, was synthesized and patented under the name Forneaucaine by Ernest Fourneau at the Pasteur Institute [L1882]. Elsewhere in English speaking countries it was referred to as Stovaine, given the meaning of the French word 'fourneau' as 'stove' in English [L1882].Although amylocaine could be administered topically or injected, it was most widely used for spinal anesthesia [L1882]. Even though it certainly possessed less severe side effects than cocaine [L1882], the eventual development and clinical use of newer, more effective, and even safer local anesthetics like lidocaine, bupivicaine, and prilocaine in the 1940s and 1950s superseded and made the use of amylocaine obsolete.		
DB09089	Trimebutine	approved	Trimebutine is a spasmolytic agent that regulates intestinal and colonic motility and relieves abdominal pain with antimuscarinic and weak mu opioid agonist effects. It is marketed for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and lower gastrointestinal tract motility disorders, with IBS being one of the most common multifactorial GI disorders [A19691]. It is used to restore normal bowel function and is commonly present in pharmaceutical mixtures as trimebutine maleate salt form. Trimebutine is not a FDA-approved drug, but it is available in Canada and several other international countries.		
DB09090	Pinaverium	approved	Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [A19697] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [A19702]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.		
DB09091	Tixocortol	approved,withdrawn	Tixocortol is a 21-thiol derivative of hydrocortisone classified as a class A corticosteroid. It is a synthetic steroid with topical anti-inflammatory properties without the systemic glucocorticoid and mineralocorticoid activities and toxicity.[L1078]		
DB09092	Xanthinol	approved,withdrawn	Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [L1079] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [L1080] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.		
DB09093	Chlortetracycline	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Chlortetracycline is a _tetracycline_ antibiotic, and historically the first member of this class to be identified. It was discovered in 1945 by the scientist, Benjamin Minge Duggar, working at Lederle Laboratories under the supervision of Yellapragada Subbarow. He discovered that this antibiotic was the product of an actinomycete strain he cultured and obtained from a soil sample from a field in Missouri. The organism was named _Streptomyces aureofaciens_ due to its gold-hued color.		
DB09094	Podophyllin	approved	Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the roots of _Podophyllum peltatum_ (American mandrake) and _Podophyllum emodi_, which contains numerous compounds, amongst which is podophyllin (as well as the drug [podophyllotoxin]). Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.		
DB09095	Difluocortolone	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[L1082]		
DB09096	Benzoyl peroxide	approved	Benzoyl peroxide (BPO) is an organic compound in the peroxide family. It is formed by two benzoyl groups which are connected by a peroxide link. It is one of the most important organic peroxides in terms of applications. In medicine, benzoyl peroxide is used as a topical treatment for acne,  either in combination with antibiotics or as a single agent. These products are available over-the-counter or by prescription in gels, creams or liquids at concentrations of 2.5%, 5% or 10%. Benzoyl peroxide is also used for bleaching flour or hair, teeth whitening, for cross-linking polyester resins, and many other chemical uses. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.		
DB09097	Quinagolide	approved,investigational	Quinagolide is a non-ergot-derived selective dopamine D2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of elevated levels of prolactin or hyperprolactinaemia. Hyperprolalctinaemia is associated with gonadal dysfunction, including infertility and reduced libido, as well as long-term complications such as osteoporosis [A19684]. Newer dopamine receptor agonists such as quinagolide and [DB00248] are shown to effectively inhibit prolactin secretion with improved efficacy over [DB01200]. These drugs are effective in patients who are intolerant or resistant to [DB01200]. Quinagolide exists as a racemate and its relevant clinical activity is mediated predominantly by the (-) enantiomer. It is typically present in the hydrochloride salt form and is marketed as oral tablets under the brand name Norprolac contained as a racemate. Quinagolide is currently available in several countries including Canada, but not approved for treatment in the United States.		
DB09098	Somatrem	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Despite the ability of almost all contemporary recombinant growth hormones to cause definite and demonstrable increases in growth rate in patients who are administered the drug, the use of these agents continues to be mired in persistent bioethical debate [A32292]. Such discussion revolves around whether patients' natural disposition of short stature should be considered a medical condition justifying medical treatment with such hormone therapy - especially when these hormone agents have been proven effective at increasing the height of children with or without growth hormone deficiency [A32292].		
DB09099	Somatostatin	approved,investigational	Somatostatin, also known as growth hormone-inhibiting hormone, is a naturally-occurring peptide hormone of 14 or 28 amino acid residues [T28] that regulates the endocrine system. It is secreted by the D cells of the islets to inhibit the release of insulin and glucagon, and is also generated in the hypothalamus, where it inhibits the release of growth hormone and thyroid-stimulating hormones from the anterior pituitary [T28]. Somatostatin is initially secreted as a 116 amino acid precursor, preprosomatostatin, which undergoes endoproteolytic cleavage to prosomastatin. Prosomastatin is further process into two active forms, somatostatin-14 (SST-14) and somatostatin-28 (SST-28), an extended SST-14 sequence to the N-terminus [A20384]. The actions of somatostatin are mediated via signalling pathways of G protein-coupled somatostatin receptors. Antineoplastic effects and potential uses of somatostatin on various tumours, including pituitary adenomas, GEP-NETs, paragangliomas, carcinoids, breast cancers, malignant lymphoma and small-cell lung cancers, have been extensively investigated [A20384]. Somatostatin has been used in the clinical setting for the diagnosis of acromegaly and gastrointestinal tract tumours. Its analogues have been developed to achieve more favourable kinetics for efficiency use in the management of acute conditions, such as esophageal varices. [DB00104] is a long-acting analogue of somatostatin that inhibits the release of a number of hormones, and is clinically used to relieve symptoms of uncommon gastroenteropancreatic endocrine tumours, as well as treat acromegaly [T28].		
DB09100	Thyroid, porcine	approved	Thyroid extract is dried and powdered thyroid glands from pigs containing tiiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4) used to supplement low or absent thyroid activity.[A190831,L11755] Thyroid extract has been described in literature to treat hypothyroidism since 1891[A190807] but its use dates back as far as the 6th century.[A190831] Thyroid extract is no longer considered a first line therapy as it delivers a dose that is inconsistent with the stated strength of the tablet.[A190813] Currently, patients are more likely to be treated with [levothyroxine].[A190813]Thyroid extracts were never FDA approved as their use in the United States predates the FDA.[A190831]		
DB09101	Elvitegravir	approved	Elvitegravir is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) integrase strand transfer inhibitor (INSTI) used for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults. Because integrase is necessary for viral replication, inhibition prevents the integration of HIV-1 DNA into the host genome and thereby blocks the formation of the HIV-1 provirus and resulting propagation of the viral infection. Although available as a single dose tablet, elvitegravir must be used in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and another antiretroviral drug.Elvitegravir was first licensed from Japan Tobacco in 2008 and developed by Gilead Sciences. It was FDA approved on August 27, 2012. On September 24, 2014, the FDA approved the single pill form of elvitegravir.		
DB09102	Daclatasvir	approved,investigational	Daclatasvir is a direct-acting antiviral agent against Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) used for the treatment of chronic HCV genotype 1 and 3 infection. It is marketed under the name DAKLINZA and is contained in daily oral tablets as the hydrochloride salt form . Hepatitis C is an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Daclatasvir was the first drug with demonstrated safety and therapeutic efficacy in treating HCV genotype 3 without the need for co-administration of interferon or [DB00811]. It exerts its antiviral action by preventing RNA replication and virion assembly via binding to NS5A, a nonstructural phosphoprotein encoded by HCV. Binding to the N-terminus of the D1 domain of NS5A prevents its interaction with host cell proteins and membranes required for virion replication complex assembly. Daclatasvir is shown to target both the cis- and trans-acting functions of NS5A and disrupts the function of new HCV replication complexes by modulating the NS5A phosphorylation status [A19640]. The most common critical NS5A amino acid substitutions that led to reduced susceptibility to daclatasvir therapy occured at position Q30 (Q30H/K/R) and M28 in genotype 1a patients and Y93H in genotype 3 patients. According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD), 60mg of daclatasvir is recommended with 400mg [DB08934] for genotype 1a/b patients with or without cirrhosis as second-line therapy. The same dosing regimen can be used as first-line therapy in patients with genotype 3 without cirrhosis and second-line therapy in genotype 3 patients with compensated cirrhosis. Combination therapies that include daclatasir can be used for challenging-to-treat patients who have HIV-1 coinfection, advanced cirrhosis, or post-liver transplant recurrence of HCV [L863]. The therapy is intended to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR12), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626]. Daclatasvir was FDA-approved in July 2015 for use with [DB08934] (Sovaldi) with or without [DB00811] to treat HCV genotype 1 and 3 infections. The SVR12 in HCV genotype 1a-infected treatment-naïve subjects without and with cirrhosis undergoing daclatasvir and [DB08934] therapy were 88% and 99%, respectively [FDA Label]. The same dosing regimen in treatment-naïve patients with HCV genotype 3 infection with or without cirrhosis achieved SVR12 rates of 71% and 98%, respectively [FDA Label].		
DB09103	Ancestim	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Ancestim is a non-glycosylated recombinant methionyl human stem cell factor. It is a 166 amino acid protein produced by E. coli with an amino acid sequence that is identical to the natural sequence predicted from human DNA sequence analysis, except for the addition of an N-terminal methionine[L1088]. Ancestim was developed by Amgen and sold to Biovitrium in December 2008. It was submitted to the FDA under the status of recommendation for approval with a 10 to 1 votes.[T68] It was also approved by Health Canada in 1999 but it is currently under the status of canceled post-market.[L1087]		
DB09104	Magnesium hydroxide	approved,investigational	Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form. Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke suppressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant. It can also be used topically as a deodorant or for the relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).		
DB09105	Asfotase alfa	approved,investigational	Asfotase alfa is a first-in-class bone-targeted enzyme replacement therapy designed to address the underlying cause of hypophosphatasia (HPP)—deficient alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Hypophosphatasia is almost always fatal when severe skeletal disease is obvious at birth. By replacing deficient ALP, treatment with Asfotase Alfa aims to improve the elevated enzyme substrate levels and improve the body's ability to mineralize bone, thereby preventing serious skeletal and systemic patient morbidity and premature death. Asfotase alfa was first approved by Pharmaceuticals and Medicals Devices Agency of Japan (PMDA) on July 3, 2015, then approved by the European Medicine Agency (EMA) on August 28, 2015, and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on October 23, 2015. Asfotase Alfa is marketed under the brand name Strensiq® by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The annual average price of Asfotase Alfa treatment is $285,000.		
DB09106	Hydroxyethyl Starch	approved	Hydroxyethyl starch (HES/HAES) is a nonionic starch derivative. Hydroxyethyl starches (HES) are synthetic colloids commonly used for fluid resuscitation to replace intravascular volume.HES is a general term and can be sub-classified according to average molecular weight, molar substitution, concentration, C2/C6 ratio and Maximum Daily Dose.		
DB09107	Methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta	approved	Methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta is a chemically synthesised Erythropoiesis Stimulating Agent (ESA) with a longer half-life than erythropoietin. ESA is used to increase synthesis of red blood cells to  treat chronic kidney disease associated anemia.		
DB09108	Simoctocog alfa	approved	Simoctocog alfa is a recombinant B-domain deleted (BDD) rFVIII produced in genetically modified human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293F cells. The harvested product is concentrated and purified by a series of chromatography steps. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used as a replacement therapy in individuals with Haemophilia A who lack the factor VIII in the intrinsic pathway of blood coagulation system. As patients with haemophilia A are predisposed to episodes of recurrent bleeding [L1115], simoctocog alfa can be administered for the treatment or prevention of bleeding such as prior to surgical procedures.Simoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein consisting of 1440 amino acids with an approximate molecular mass of 170 kDa, comprising the FVIII domains A1-A2 + A3-C1-C2 whereas the B-domain, present in the full-length plasma-derived FVIII, has been deleted and replaced by a 16 amino acid linker. Simoctocog alfa is a fourth-generation BDD FVIII product made in the human embryonic kidney (HEK) cell line. Full human post-translational modifications via elimination of potentially immunogenic glycosylation patterns found in non-human cell lines led to decreased immunogenicity and longer half-life [A31525]. Simoctocog alfa is marketed in Europe under the trade name Nuwiq for intravenous injection.		
DB09109	Turoctocog alfa	approved,investigational	Turoctocog alfa is a recombinant factor VIII (rFVIII) with a truncated B-domain made from the sequence coding for 10 amino acids from the N-terminus and 11 amino acids from the C-terminus of the naturally occurring B-domain. Turoctocog alfa is produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells without addition of any human- or animal-derived materials. During secretion, some rFVIII molecules are cleaved at the C-terminal of the heavy chain (HC) at amino acid 720, and a monoclonal antibody binding C-terminal to this position is used in the purification process allowing isolation of the intact rFVIII.[A31504] It was developped by Novo Nordisk and FDA approved in October 16, 2013.[L1104]		
DB09110	Coenzyme M	approved,investigational	Coenzyme M (commonly known by its salt form, Mesna) is a synthetic sulfhydryl (thiol) compound and is used for prophylaxis of Ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide induced hemorrhagic cystitis.[A18572]		
DB09111	Pentastarch	approved,investigational	Pentastarch is an artificial colloid (hydroxyethyl starch derivative). Pentastarch is characterized by presenting five hydroxyethyl groups, which signifies an approximate 50% hydroxyethylation. It is sold under the name Pentaspan by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is used for fluid resuscitation. When administered, pentastarch remains mainly in the circulatory system and hence, it is considered a plasma expander.		
DB09112	Nitrous acid	approved,investigational	Nitrous acid (as sodium nitrite) is used as part of an intravenous mixture with sodium thiosulfate to treat cyanide poisoning. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medications needed in a basic health system. There is also research to investigate its applicability towards treatments for heart attacks, brain aneurysms, pulmonary hypertension in infants, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.		
DB09113	Poractant alfa	approved	Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.		
DB09114	Colfosceril palmitate	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[A31510] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[T70] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[L1109] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.		
DB09115	Diiodohydroxyquinoline	approved	Diiodohydroxyquinoline, also known as uidoquinol and iodoquinol, is a quinoline derivative that can be used in the treatment of amoebiasis. The exact mechanism of action is unknown. Iodoquinol is not currently available in any FDA-approved products.		
DB09116	Calcium carbimide	approved,withdrawn	Calcium carbimide, sold as the citrate salt, is an alcohol-sensitizing agent. Its effects are similar to the drug disulfiram (Antabuse) in that it interferes with the normal metabolism of alcohol by preventing the breakdown of the metabolic product acetaldehyde. Calcium carbimide was conceived as an alternative for the treatment of alcoholism with a reduced side effect profile either when it is consumed accompanied by alcohol or without it.[A31516] This drug was developed by Lederle Cyanamid Canada Inc and approved for marketing in Canada in 1959. The current status of calcium carbimide is cancelled post marketing.[L1113]		
DB09117	Paraldehyde	approved,investigational	Paraldehyde was initially introduced into medical practice in the United Kingdom in 1882 by the Italian physician Vincenzo Cervello. It is classified as a central nervous system (CNS) depressant and has also been found to be an effective anticonvulsant, hypnotic and sedative agent due to its CNS depressant properties. Paraldehyde is used as an ingredient in some cough medicines as an expectorant, but its efficacy for this indication has not been confirmed and its use as an expectorant may possibly be due to a placebo effect.		
DB09118	Stiripentol	approved	Stiripentol is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy as an adjunct therapy along with [DB00349] and [DB00313].  This drug is currently approved in the USA, Canada, and European countries as oral tablets marketed as Diacomit.   FDA approval of this drug was granted on August 20, 2018 [L4352], [F1240]. Unrelated to other anticonvulsants, stiripentol belongs to the group of aromatic allylic alcohols and may potentiate the effect of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) due to pharmacokinetic interactions. It elevates the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), a major inhibitory neurotransmitter that regulates electrical activity in the central nervous system.		
DB09119	Eslicarbazepine acetate	approved	Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an anticonvulsant medication approved for use in Europe, the United States and Canada as an adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine, the primary active metabolite in the body. Eslicarbazepine's mechanism of action is not well understood, but it is known that it does exert anticonvulsant activity by inhibiting repeated neuronal firing and stabilizing the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels, thus preventing their return to the activated state during which seizure activity can occur.Eslicarbazepine acetate is marketed as Aptiom in North America and Zebinix or Exalief in Europe. It is available in 200, 400, 600, or 800mg tablets that are taken once daily, with or without food. Eslicarbazepine acetate is associated with numerous side effects including dizziness, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, aphasia, lack of concentration, psychomotor retardation, speech disturbances, ataxia, depression and hyponatremia. It is recommended that patients taking eslicarbazepine acetate be monitored for suicidality.		
DB09120	Zucapsaicin	approved,investigational	Zucapsaicin, the cis-isomer of capsaicin, is a topical analgesic used to treat osteoarthritis of the knee and other neuropathic pain. It is a modulator of transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV-1), also known as the vanilloid or capsaicin receptor 1, that reduces pain and improves articular functions. Zucapsaicin has also been evaluated for the management of several conditions manifested by chronic nerve pain. These conditions include herpes simplex (HSV) infections, cluster headaches, migraine, and osteoarthritis of the knee. Zucapsaicin was approved by the Health Canada in 2010 as topical cream marketed under the brand name Zuacta but currently not FDA-approved.		
DB09121	Aurothioglucose	approved,withdrawn	Aurothioglucose, also known as gold thioglucose, was formerly used to treat rheumatoid arthritis.Contemporary research on the effect of gold salts treatment began in 1935, primarily to reduce inflammation and to slow disease progression in patients with rheumatoid arthritis [A32326]. The use of gold compounds has decreased since the 1980s owing to numerous side effects, limited efficacy, and slow onset of action. Many if not most gold compounds that were indicated for rheumatoid arthritis therapy have since been replaced with the use of various current disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) like methotrexate and others, which are far more effective.		
DB09122	Peginterferon beta-1a	approved	Peginterferon beta-1a is an interferon beta-1a to which a single, linear 20,000 dalton (Da) methoxy poly(ethyleneglycol)-O-2-methylpropionaldehyde (PEG) molecule is covalently attached to the alpha amino group of the N-terminal amino acid residue. The amino acid sequence of the recombinant interferon beta-1a is identical to that of the human interferon beta counterpart. Although it's mechanism of action is unknown,  peginterferon beta-1a is indicated for use in relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS).Interferon beta was the first drug to alter the course of MS,  however multiple side effects and the need for weekly subcutaneous injection make it difficult to use. Interferon beta was subsequently PEGylated (covalently attached to polyethylene glycol) to extend its duration of action to every 14 days. It is currently available as peginterferon beta-1a as the FDA-approved product Plegridy.		
DB09123	Dienogest	approved	Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic progestogen which also possesses the properties of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone and has antiandrogenic properties. It is primarily used as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol, or in other combination form pills approved in United States and Europe however it is not available in the US by itself. In Europe, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Japan, dienogest single therapy is an approved treatment for endometriosis to alleviate painful symptoms of endometriosis and reduce endometriotic lesions [A20330]. Dienogest is commonly marketed as Visanne, Natazia and Qlaira.		
DB09124	Medrogestone	approved,withdrawn	Medrogestone (INN), also known as 6,17α-dimethyl-6-dehydroprogesterone, is a progestational agent derived from 17-methylprogesterone. It was conceived as an alternative for an orally effective contraceptive option.[A31526] It was developed by Ayerst, approved in Canada in 1969 and its current status is cancelled post-marketing.[L1118] It was never approved by the FDA.		
DB09125	Potassium citrate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Potassium citrate (also known as tripotassium citrate) is a potassium salt of citric acid. It is a white, hygroscopic crystalline powder. It is odorless with a saline taste. It contains 38.3% potassium by mass. In the monohydrate form it is highly hygroscopic and deliquescent.Potassium citrate is used to treat a kidney stone condition called renal tubular acidosis. Potassium Citrate is indicated also for the management of Hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis.		
DB09126	Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)	approved,vet_approved	Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens.  HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.		
DB09128	Brexpiprazole	approved,investigational	Brexpiprazole is a novel D2 dopamine and serotonin 1A partial agonist, called serotonin-dopamine activity modulator (SDAM), and a potent antagonist of serotonin 2A receptors, noradrenergic alpha 1B and 2C receptors. Brexpiprazole is approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Although it failed Phase II clinical trials for ADHD, it has been designed to provide improved efficacy and tolerability (e.g., less akathisia, restlessness and/or insomnia) over established adjunctive treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD).		
DB09129	Chromic chloride	approved	Chromic chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).		
DB09130	Copper	approved,investigational	Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [L801].		
DB09131	Cupric Chloride	approved,investigational	Cupric chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).		
DB09132	Gadoteric acid	approved	Gadoteric acid is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. Gadoteric acid, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.		
DB09133	Iothalamic acid	approved	Iothalamic acid is an iodine containing organic anion used as a diagnostic contrast agent.		
DB09134	Ioversol	approved	Ioversol is classified as an _organoiodine_ compound and is used as a contrast dye in diagnostic procedures. It contains high levels of iodine in addition to various hydrophilic groups.		
DB09135	Ioxilan	approved	Ioxilan is a tri-iodinated diagnostic contrast agent. Intravascular injection results in opacification of vessels in the path of flow of the contrast medium, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures of the human body until significant hemodilution occurs.		
DB09136	Isosulfan blue	approved			
DB09137	Technetium Tc-99m mebrofenin	approved	Technetium Tc 99m Mebrofenin is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical composed of diisopropyl-iminodiacetic acid (DISIDA)  attached to a technetium-99m ion.  Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging of the liver or gallbladder is performed using a gamma camera to detect the gamma rays emitted by the technetium-99m as it decays. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray.  Liver and gallbladder imaging is enabled through attachment to mebrofenin as this molecule has high hepatic uptake and fast biliary excretion, resulting in improved hepatic imaging. More specifically, mebrofenin is taken up into hepatocytes through the action of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 transporters.Currently available within a sterile kit, Tc-99m Mebrofenin is indicated for imaging of the liver and gallbladder.		
DB09138	Technetium Tc-99m medronate	approved	Technetium (99mTc) medronic acid is a pharmaceutical product used in nuclear medicine imaging. It is composed of a technetium ion complexed with medronic acid, a type of bisphosphonate. Like other bisphosphonates used in the treatment of osteoporosis, medronic acid binds to the hydroxyapatite crystals within bone, and in this way localizes the drug to bone for delineation of areas of altered osteogenesis.  Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.		
DB09139	Technetium Tc-99m oxidronate	approved	Technetium Tc-99m oxidronate, also known as 99mTc-methylene diphosphonate, is a radiopharmaceutical agent. A radiopharmaceutical is defined as a medicinal formulation containing radioisotopes that are used in major clinical areas for diagnosis and/or therapy.[L1137] The radiopharmaceuticals based on technetium-99m are widely used for diagnostic purposes because 99mTc has a versatile chemistry which allows it to produce an extense variety of complexes with specific characteristics.[L1138] These complexes are formed by the binding of 99mTc to metal atoms of an organic molecule. The group oxidronate falls into the category of diphosphonates whose structure allows them to bind to calcium.[L1139] Thus, technetium Tc-99m oxidronate is a powerful detection tool for abnormal osteogenesis by skeletal scintigraphy.[L1140] It was developed by Mallinkrodt nuclear and FDA approved on February 18, 1981.		
DB09140	Oxygen	approved,vet_approved	Oxygen is an element displayed by the symbol O, and atomic number 8.  It is an essential element for human survival. Decreased oxygen levels may be treated with medical oxygen therapy. Treatment with oxygen serves to increase blood oxygen levels and also exerts a secondary effect of decreasing blood flow resistance in the diseased lung, leading to decreased cardiovascular workload in an attempt to oxygenate the lungs. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.		
DB09141	Protamine sulfate	approved	Since it's earliest discovery in salmon rine sperm heads in the late 1800's to its formal introduction via US FDA approval in 1939, protamine sulfate has occupied an important therapeutic niche as perhaps the only viable option for reversing the anticoagulant effect of heparin use for over 77 years [A174778, A174781]. Subsequently, because most invasive surgical procedures involve the routine use of heparin to prevent potentially surgery-complicating blood clotting, most cases of major bleeding in these frequent procedures are managed with the use of protamine sulfate [A174778]. The agent elicits this heparin reversal predominantly via the formation of an inactive complex between the anionic nature of heparin and its own cationic state [A174778, A174781, L5371].Despite the relative importance of protamine sulfate's medical indication, the medication can notoriously cause a variety of potentially rare but genuinely severe adverse effects that include systemic hypotension, pulmonary hypertension, liver and kidney tissue damage, and anaphylactic reaction, amongst others [A174778, L5371]. As a consequence, whenever protamine sulfate use is clinically considered, careful consideration must be given as to whether the use of the agent could decrease the safety of the procedure or worsen the recovery of a patient after the procedure [A174778, A174781, L5371].Regardless, protamine sulfate continues to see contemporary use given its genuine effectiveness in reversing heparin effects. Although current up to date reviews and studies continue to search for new therapeutic alternatives to protamine sulfate, most substitutes possess similar and unacceptable adverse effects [A174778, A174781]. Of the few agents that may be considered potentially successful alternatives - including idarucizumab for dabigatran reversal - their cost of procurement and potential range in reversing all parenteral anticoagulants are sometimes considered high and limited, respectively [A174778, A174781].		
DB09142	Sincalide	approved	Sincalide is a medication given by injection to assist in the diagnosis of gallbladder and pancreas disorders. It is identified as the 8-amino acid C-terminal segment of cholecystokinin and is also known as _CCK-8_. Naturally occurring cholecystokinin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone normally essential for stimulating protein and fat digestion in the body. When injected intravenously, sincalide produces a substantial reduction in gallbladder size by causing this organ to contract. The evacuation of bile that results is similar to that which occurs physiologically in response to endogenous cholecystokinin. Furthermore, sincalide stimulates pancreatic secretion of bicarbonate and enzymes.As the product Kinevac (FDA), sincalide is used for the following indications: 1) to stimulate gallbladder contraction, as may be assessed by various methods of diagnostic imaging, or to obtain by duodenal aspiration a sample of concentrated bile for analysis of cholesterol, bile salts, phospholipids, and crystals; (2) to stimulate pancreatic secretion (especially in conjunction with secretin) prior to obtaining a duodenal aspirate for analysis of enzyme activity, composition, and cytology; (3) to accelerate the transit of a barium meal through the small bowel, thereby decreasing the time and extent of radiation associated with fluoroscopy and x-ray examination of the intestinal tract.		
DB09143	Sonidegib	approved,investigational	Sonidegib is a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor (via smoothened antagonism) developed as an anticancer agent by Novartis. It was FDA approved in 2015 for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma.		
DB09144	Uridine triacetate	approved,investigational	Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard).  It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [A18578]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a  systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.		
DB09145	Water	approved	Water (chemical formula: H2O) is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and rain, and is the major constituent of the fluids of organisms. As a chemical compound, a water molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms that are connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at standard ambient temperature and pressure, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice; and gaseous state, steam (water vapor).		
DB09146	Iron sucrose	approved	Iron sucrose (sucroferric oxyhydroxide or iron saccharate) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron sucrose is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.		
DB09147	Ferric pyrophosphate	experimental	Ferric pyrophosphate is an iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate.[A31979] It presents an increasing interest as this insoluble form can be milder in the gastrointestinal tract and present higher bioavailability.[L1433]		
DB09148	Florbetaben (18F)	approved	Florbetaben is a fluorine-18 (18F)-labeled stilbene derivative used for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain. It is used for the non-invasive detection of the density of ß-amyloid neuritic plaques in the brain of adult patients with cognitive impairment.		
DB09149	Florbetapir (18F)	approved,investigational	Florbetapir (18F) is a radiopharmaceutical compound containing the radionuclide fluorine-18 bound to the compound florbetapir, a molecule that binds with high affinity to beta amyloid plaque, a peptide that plays a key role in Alzheimer's Disease pathogenesis. Marketed as the product Amyvid, florbetapir 18F is indicated for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline.  The radionucleide fluorine-18 was chosen as it has a half life of 110 minutes allowing it to accumulate sufficiently in the brain before undergoing positon emission decay.		
DB09151	Flutemetamol (18F)	approved,investigational	Flutemetamol (18F) is a PET scanning radiopharmaceutical containing the radionuclide fluorine-18. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline.		
DB09152	Nitrogen	approved,vet_approved	Nitrogen is a chemical element with symbol N and atomic number 7. At room temperature, it is a transparent, odorless diatomic gas. Liquid nitrogen is used principally in cryotherapy for removal of diseased skin. Liquid nitrogen helps in removal of skin lesions through necrosis, which results from the freezing and thawing of cells. Cryotherapy usually done in doctors' office. Also, nitrogen is very famous component in fertilizers and energy-stores.		
DB09153	Sodium chloride	approved,vet_approved	Sodium chloride, also known as salt, common salt, table salt or halite, is an ionic compound with the chemical formula NaCl, representing a 1:1 ratio of sodium and chloride ions. Sodium chloride is the primary salt in seawater and in the extracellular fluid of many multicellular organisms. It is listed on the World Health Organization Model List of Essential Medicines.		
DB09154	Sodium citrate	approved,investigational	Sodium citrate is the sodium salt of citric acid. It is white, crystalline powder or white, granular crystals, slightly deliquescent in moist air, freely soluble in water,practically insoluble in alcohol. Like citric acid, it has a sour taste. From the medical point of view, it is used as alkalinizing agent. It works by neutralizing excess acid in the blood and urine. It has been indicated for the treatment of metabolic acidosis.		
DB09155	Helium	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas located at the top of the noble gases on the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.		
DB09156	Iopromide	approved	Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography.		
DB09157	Carbon dioxide	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas vital to life on Earth. This naturally occurring chemical compound is composed of a carbon atom covalently double bonded to two oxygen atoms. Medical Carbon Dioxide is a liquefied medicinal gas, supplied in cylinders filled to a high pressure. Medical Carbon Dioxide may be used in different  situations, e.g.  during bodily investigations,  to inflate body cavities during surgery (such as key-hole surgery), iand in solid form (dry ice) for freezing of tissue and removal of warts.		
DB09158	Trypan blue free acid	approved	Trypan blue is a diazo dye used in ophthalmic cataract surgery to stain the anterior capsule in the presence of a mature cataract. This is done to aid in visualization before creating the continuous curvilinear capsulorhexis.		
DB09160	Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin	approved	Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin is a drug used in nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging. The radioisotope, technetium-99m, is chelated by two 1,2-bis[di-(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino]ethane ligands which belong to the group of diphosphines and which are referred to as tetrofosmin. It is a lipophilic technetium phosphine dioxo cation that was formulated into a freeze-dried kit which yields an injection.[A31592] Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin was developed by GE Healthcare and FDA approved on February 9, 1996.		
DB09161	Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi	approved,investigational	Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi (commonly sestamibi) is a pharmaceutical agent used in nuclear medicine imaging. The drug is a coordination complex consisting of the radioisotope technetium-99m bound to six methoxyisobutylisonitrile (MIBI) ligands, hence the name sesta (6) MIBI.. Following intravenous injection of the drug, Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi is taken up by the myocardium, parathyroid, and/or breast tissue. The mechanism by which sestamibi localizes to these tissues has not been established. Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is then performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.Currently available within a preparation kit for injection, Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.		
DB09163	Technetium Tc-99m exametazime	approved	Technetium Tc-99m exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec used in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime, also known as hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime or HMPAO, acts as a chelating agent for the Tc-99m radioisotope.		
DB09164	Technetium Tc-99m disofenin	approved	Technetium Tc-99m disofenin is a radiopharmaceutical agent used in hepatobiliary imaging for diagnostic purposes. It is well suited for both planar and single photon tomographic scintigraphy to quantitatively measure the function of liver, gallbladder and bile ducts and detect any anatomical changes in the hepatobliary system. It is available as an intravenous injection in a preparation kit under the name Hepatolite. Technetium Tc-99m is a metastable nuclear isomer and disofenin is an iminodiacetic acid derivative with no known pharmacologic actions at the doses recommended. However disofenin is the most commonly used iminodiacetic acid since it has a high liver to renal extraction and its hepatic uptake is not as highly dependent on serum bilirubin levels (a competitive inhibitor for liver uptake) as are other tracers from the iminodiacetic acid.		
DB09165	Technetium Tc-99m pyrophosphate	approved	A radionuclide imaging agent used primarily in scintigraphy or tomography of the heart to evaluate the extent of the necrotic myocardial process. It has also been used in noninvasive tests for the distribution of organ involvement in different types of amyloidosis and for the evaluation of muscle necrosis in the extremities.		
DB09166	Etizolam	experimental	Etizolam is a thienodiazepine which is chemically related to benzodiazepine (BDZ) drug class; it differs from BDZs in having a benzene ring replaced with a thiophene ring. It is an agonist at GABA-A receptors and possesses amnesic, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Initially introduced in 1983 in Japan as treatment for neurological conditions such as anxiety and sleep disorders, etizolam is marketed in Japan, Italy and India. It is not approved for use by FDA in the US; however it remains unscheduled in several states and is legal for research purposes.		
DB09167	Dosulepin	approved	Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of [DB00321] with a similar efficacy to that of [DB00321], and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [L882]. Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.		
DB09168	4-Phenylfentanyl	illicit	4-Phenylfentanyl is a sythetic opioid derived from fentanyl. 4-Phenylfentanyl is around 8x the potency of fentanyl in analgesic tests on animals, but more complex 4-heteroaryl derivatives such as substituted thiophenes and thiazoles are more potent still, as they are closer bioisosteres to the 4-carbomethoxy group of carfentanil.		
DB09169	3-Allylfentanyl	illicit	3-allyfentanyl is a fentanyl derivative opioid that can cause itching, nausea and serious respiratory depression. Fentanyl and its analogs have killed thousands of people around the world as drugs of abuse.		
DB09170	β-Hydroxythiofentanyl	illicit	β-Hydroxythiofentanyl is an analgesic of the _opioid_ class. This drug is an analog of fentanyl, a potent opioid.		
DB09171	β-Methylfentanyl	illicit	β-Methylfentanyl is an analgesic of the _opioid_ class. It is an analog of the potent opioid, fentanyl.		
DB09172	Brifentanil	illicit	Brifentanil (also known as A-3331) is an analog of fentanyl, a potent opioid. This drug is classified as an opioid analgesic and was developed in the early 1990s. The effects of brifentanil are very similar to those of alfentanil, with strong but short lasting analgesia and sedation, and particularly notable itching and respiratory depression.		
DB09173	Butyrfentanyl	illicit	Butyrfentanyl or butyrylfentanyl (not to be confused with 3-methylfentanyl) is a potent short-acting synthetic opioid analgesic drug.[A182054] It is an analog of [fentanyl] with roughly 1/30 the potency.[L7811] Butyrfentanyl was first synthesized in 1961 by Janssen Pharmaceuticals as a new opioid analgesic.[L7811]Butyrfentanyl has no current legitimate clinical applications, but anecdotal reports indicate it may occasionally be surfacing on the grey-market as a recreational drug.[L7811] This compound is a schedule I controlled substance in the USA because it is a positional isomer of 3-Methylfentanyl.[L7814]The DEA in the United States has confirmed at least 40 fatalities involving butyrfentanyl before May 2016.[L7811]		
DB09174	Lofentanil	illicit	Lofentanil is an analog of fentanyl and is one of the most potent opioids available today. It displays most similarity to carfentanil (4-carbomethoxyfentanyl) and is considered to be slightly more potent than this drug.		
DB09175	Mirfentanil	experimental	Mirfentanil is a derivative of fentanyl that presents high selectivity for the mu opioid receptor. At lower doses, it antagonizes the analgesic effects of alfentanil and substitutes for naloxone in morphine-treated monkeys; however, it also reverses naloxone-precipitated withdrawal in pigeons trained to discriminate morphine from naloxone. At high doses, it exhibits analgesic activity which is not fully reversed by opioid antagonists, suggesting that the drug has both opioid and non-opioid mechanisms of action.		
DB09177	p-Fluorofentanyl	illicit	p-Fluorofentanyl is an opioid analgesic being an analogue of fentanyl developed by Janssen Pharmaceutica in the 1960s. p-Fluorofentanyl was sold briefly on the US black market in the early 1980s, before the introduction of the Federal Analog Act which for the first time attempted to control entire families of drugs based on their structural similarity rather than scheduling each drug individually as they appeared. p-Fluorofentanyl is made with the same synthetic route as fentanyl, but by substituting para-fluoroaniline for aniline in the synthesis.		
DB09178	Phenaridine	illicit	Phenaridine (2,5-Dimethylfentanyl) is a synthetic fentanyl derivative opioid. It was developed in 1972, and is used for surgical anasthesia in Russia. Phenaridine has similar effects to fentanyl. In rat studies, it was less potent than fentanyl. Side effects include itching, nausea and serious to life threatening respiratory depression. Fentanyl analogs have killed hundreds of people throughout Europe and the former Soviet republics since the most recent resurgence in use began in Estonia in the early 2000s, and novel derivatives continue to appear.		
DB09179	R-30490	experimental	R-30490 is an opioid related to carfentanil used as an animal tranquilizer. It was first synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceutica as part of a structure-activity relationship study of fentanly and its derivatives. R-30490 was found to be the most selective agonist for the mu opioid receptor out of all the fentanyl analogues tested, but it has never been introduced for medical use in humans, although the closely related drug sufentanil is widely used for analgesia and anesthesia during major surgery.		
DB09180	Thienylfentanyl	illicit	Thienylfentanyl is a fentanyl analog analgesic that was sold on the black market in the 1980s until the Federal Analog Act scheduled drugs based on structural similarity rather than scheduling drugs individually. Thienylfentanyl has a similar synthesis pathway to fentanyl except 2-(2-bromoethyl)thiophene is substituted for phenethyl bromide.		
DB09181	Trefentanil	experimental	Trefentanil (A-3665) is a fentanyl analogue opioid developed in 1992. It is more potent and shorter acting than alfentanil. Trefentanil is not used in clinics due to the severity of its respiratory depression, though it is still used in research.		
DB09182	Benzylfentanyl	illicit	Benzylfentanyl (R-4129) is a fentanyl analog opioid that was on the list of Schedule I drugs in America in 1985 due to its structural similarity to fentanyl. In 2010 it was removed from the list after it was found to have minimal opioid activity. Benzylfentanyl has a Ki of 213nM at the mu opioid receptor, binding around 200x less strongly than fentanyl itself.		
DB09183	Dasabuvir	approved	Dasabuvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Dasabuvir. Dasabuvir is a non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitor which binds to the palm domain of NS5B and induces a conformational change which renders the polymerase unable to elongate viral RNA [FDA Label]. The binding sites for non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitors are poorly conserved across HCV genotypes leading to the restriction of Dasabuvir's use to genotype 1 only.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Dasabuvir as first line therapy in combination with [DB09296], [DB09297], and [DB00503] for genotype 1b and with [DB00811] for genotype 1a of Hepatitis C [L852]. Dasabuvir, [DB09296], [DB09297], [DB00503], and [DB00811] are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Dasabuvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09297], and [DB00503] (tradename Viekira Pak) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in December 2014 by the FDA, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with [DB00811] or genotype 1b without [DB00811] [FDA Label]. When combined together, Dasabuvir [DB09296], [DB09297], and [DB00503] as the combination product Viekira Pak have been shown to achieve a SVR of 100% for genotype 1b and 89% or 95% for genotype 1a after 12 weeks or 24 weeks of treatment including [DB00811].		
DB09184	Edivoxetine	investigational	Edivoxetine is a drug which acts as a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and is currently under development by Eli Lilly for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and as an antidepressant treatment. Edivoxetine failed to be approved for major depressive disorder after phase III clinical trials in 2012.		
DB09185	Viloxazine	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Viloxazine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) that was used in some European countries as an antidepressant drug. It structurally differs from conventional tri- or tetra-cyclic antidepressants and it does not produce sedative anticholinergic or adrenergic effects in man [A19781]. While displaying amphetamine-like CNS stimulant effects, there is little evidence of drug dependence from viloxazine therapy. Viloxazine hydrochloride is a common active ingredient in drug formulation. It was discovered and brought to market in 1976 by Imperial Chemical Industries and in early 2000's, it was withdrawn from the market.		
DB09186	Nisoxetine	experimental	Nisoxetine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) developed in the 1970s. It was originally investigated as an antidepressant but has no current clinical applications aside from being a research standard SNRI. It has been used to research obesity and energy balance, and exerts some local analgesia effects.		
DB09187	Lortalamine	experimental	Lortalamine (LM-1404) is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor developed in the 1980s. This drug never made it past clinical trials, likely due to ocular toxicity in animals, but has been used in positron emission tomography studies to label norepinephrine transporters.		
DB09188	Amedalin	experimental	Amedalin is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor developed in the 1970s. It has no significant effect on reuptake of serotonin and dopamine and no antihistamine or anticholinergic properties. This drug was never marketed.		
DB09189	Daledalin	experimental	Daledin (UK-3557-15) is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. It has no effects on the reuptake of serotonin or dopamine, and no antihistamine or anticholinergic properties. It was in trials for depression in the 1970s but never marketed.		
DB09190	Talopram	experimental	Talopram is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) that is structurally similar to citalopram and melitracen. It was researched in the 1960s and 1970s but never marketed.		
DB09191	Talsupram	experimental	Talsupram is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI). It was under research for the treatment of depression in 1960 and 1970 but it was never marketed. Talsupram presents a similar structure to [citalopram].		
DB09192	Tandamine	experimental	Tandamine was researched in 1970s as an antidepressant but was never commercialized. Tandamine is an analog of pirandamine and it acts as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI).		
DB09193	CP-39,332	experimental	CP-39,332 is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI). It is part of a group of monoamine reuptake inhibitor stereoisomers including tametraline (1R,4S-), CP-24,442 (1S,4R-), CP-22,185 (cis-), and CP-22,186 that show varying efficiency. However, none of the members of this stereoisomers has been marketed.		
DB09194	Etoperidone	withdrawn	Etoperidone is an atypical antidepressant introduced in Europe in 1977. It is a phenylpiperazine-substituted triazole derivative with a composition that classifies it as an analog of tradozone and presents a similar pharmacological profile.[T45] Etoperidone was developed by Angelini Francesco ACRAF and even nowadays, there is uncertanty if this drug ever reached the market.[A4909]		
DB09195	Lorpiprazole	approved	Lorpiprazole is a serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor used for the treatment of major depressive disorder.[A31634] It is a piperazinyl-triazole derivative.[T83]		
DB09196	Lubazodone	experimental	Lubazodone (YM-992, YM-35,995) is an arylpiperazine antidepressant which was being developed as a treatment for depression and obsessive compulsive disorder, and reached phase II clinical trials, but was discontinued. It acts as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor and 5-HT2A receptor antagonist.		
DB09197	Mepiprazole	experimental	Mepiprazole is a minor tranquilizer with a phenylpiperazine structure. It is a pyrazolyl-alkyl-piperazine derivative. Mepiprazole mediates a weak inhibitory action on the uptake of 5-HT on hypothalamic neurons [A7816].Mepiprazole is marketed in Spain for the treatment of anxiety neuroses. It acts as a 5-HT2A and α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist, and has also been shown to inhibit the reuptake and induce the release of serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine to varying extents. Clinical studies of mepiprazole including patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) were conducted and the results showed some beneficial effects of mepiprazole in relieving IBS symptoms in certain patients. Like other phenylpiperazine drugs, mepiprazole produces the active metabolite m-chlorophenylpiperazine(mCPP).		
DB09198	Lobeglitazone	experimental	Lobeglitazone is an antidiabetic medication from the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It primarily functions as an insulin sensitizer by binding and activating Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptors (PPAR) gamma within fat cells. By activating PPAR-gamma and promoting the binding of insulin at fat cells, lobeglitazone thereby has been shown to reduce blood sugar levels, lower hemoglobain A1C (HbA1C) levels, and improve lipid and liver profiles [A19748]. Unlike [DB01132], which is a dual PPAR agonist at PPAR-alpha and PPAR-gamma, Lobeglitazone is a pure PPAR-alpha agonist. Lobeglitazone was approved by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (South Korea) in 2013, and is being monitored by postmarketing surveillance until 2019. Lobeglitazone is not approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA), Health Canada, or by the European Medicines Agency for use in the management of diabetes.		
DB09199	Netoglitazone	experimental	Netoglitazone (MCC-555) is a hypoglycemic agent.		
DB09200	Rivoglitazone	experimental,investigational	Rivoglitazone (INN) is a thiazolidinedione undergoing research for use in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is being developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co.		
DB09201	Ciglitazone	experimental	Developed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals in the early 1980s, it is considered the prototypical compound for the thiazolidinedione class.Ciglitazone was never used as a medication, but it sparked interest in the effects of thiazolidinediones. Several analogues were later developed, some of which—such as pioglitazone and troglitazone—made it to the market.Ciglitazone significantly decreases VEGF production by human granulosa cells in an in vitro study, and may potentially be used in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Ciglitazone is a potent and selective PPARγ ligand with an EC50 of 3.0 µM. It is also an anti-hyperglycemic agent in the ob/ob murine model in vivo. Ciglitazone increases adipogenesis, decreases differentiation and angiogenesis in human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC), and osteoblastogenesis in human mesenchymal stem cells.		
DB09202	Cirazoline	experimental	Cirazoline acts on a number of α adrenergic receptors. It is an agonist of α1A, partial agonist of α1B and α1D, and a nonselective antagonist of α2. It is believed that this combination of properties could make cirazoline an effective vasoconstricting agent. Cirazoline has also been shown to decrease food intake in rats, purportedly through activation of α1-adrenoceptors in the paraventricular nucleus in the hypothalamus of the brain.		
DB09203	Synephrine	experimental	Synephrine, also referred to as, p-synephrine, is naturally occurring alkaloid. It is present in approved drug products as neo-synephrine, its m-substituted analog. p-synephrine and m-synephrine are known for their longer acting adrenergic effects compared to norepinephrine.The similarity of naming between m-synephrine and the unsubstituted form, synephrine,  is a source of some confusion however m-synephrine refers to a related drug more commonly known as phenylephrine. While the compounds share some chemical and pharmacological similarities, they are in fact distinct chemical entities.		
DB09204	Arotinolol	investigational	Arotinolol is an alpha- and beta-receptor blocker developed in Japan. It is a thiopropanolamine with a tertiary butyl moiety. It has been studied for its potential to be an antihypertensive therapy.[T87] Artinolol is being developed by Sumitomo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and it is currently under clinical trials.[L1168]		
DB09205	Moxisylyte	approved,investigational	Moxisylyte, denominated as thymoxamine in the UK, is a specific and orally active α1-adrenergic antagonist.[T45] According to the WHO, moxisylyte is approved since 1987[T91] and in the same year, it acquired the denomination of orphan product by the FDA.[L1172] This drug was developed by the Japanese company Fujirebio and also by the American company Iolab in the late 80s.		
DB09206	Trimazosin	experimental	Trimazosin is a sympatholytic alpha blocker.		
DB09207	AS-8112	experimental	AS-8112 is a synthetic compound that acts as a selective antagonist at the dopamine receptor subtypes D2 and D3, and the serotonin receptor 5-HT3. It has been shown to exert potent antiemetic effects in animal studies and has been investigated for potential medical use.		
DB09208	Pegloticase	approved,investigational	Pegloticase is a recombinant porcine-like uricase drug indicated for the treatment of severe, treatment-refractory, chronic gout. Similarly to rasburicase, pegloticase metabolises the conversion of uric acid to allantoin. This reduces the risk of precipitate formation and development of gout, since allantoin is five to ten times more soluble than uric acid. Pegloticase is a pegylated form of uricase which offers an extended half-life of ten-12 days compared to rasburicase's 8 hours. It also offers reduced immunogenicity due to the bulky PEG group. The longer haf-life allows for less frequent dosing at once every 2-4 weeks making pegloticase more convenient for chronic use.		
DB09209	Pholcodine	approved,illicit	Pholcodine formula is 3-o-morpholinoethylmorphine and it is classified as an antitussive which is defined as an opioid cough suppressant. It belongs to the opioid family of compounds and it is widely used.[A31738] Pholcodine activity is the suppression of unproductive cough and it also has a mild sedative effect with little or no analgesic effects.[A31742] Pholcodine is not prescribed in the United States where it is classed as a Schedule I drug. It is categorized as Class B drug in the UK and officially taken out of the shelves in 2008. Pholcodine is not approved in Canada.		
DB09210	Piracetam	approved,investigational	Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [A31532]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [A31532].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [A31532]. It is not approved for any medical or dietary use by the FDA. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [L1124]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.		
DB09211	Limaprost	investigational	Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.		
DB09212	Loxoprofen	approved	Loxoprofen is a propionic acid derivative non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is marketed under the trade name Loxonin in Brazil, Mexico and Japan by Sankyo, as Loxomac in India, and as Oxeno in Argentina. A transdermal preparation was approved for use in Japan in January 2006.		
DB09213	Dexibuprofen	approved,investigational	Dexibuprofen, S(+)-ibuprofen, is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It is a pharmacologically effective enantiomer of racemic ibuprofen that differs in physicochemical properties. It is proposed to be more pharmacologically active and tolerable with a better safety profile than ibuprofen due to higher concentration of active S enantiomer. Dexibuprofen has a slower dissolution rate in the simulated gastric and enteric juices compared with the racemic ibuprofen and displays improved oral bioavilability [A19259]. For Metabolism, Enzymes, Carriers, Transporters Sections, refer to [Ibuprofen].		
DB09214	Dexketoprofen	approved,investigational	Dexketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is available in the various countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. It has analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory properties [L1298].		
DB09215	Droxicam	withdrawn	Droxicam is an oxicam non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a prodrug of [DB00554]. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in musculoskeletal disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.		
DB09216	Tolfenamic acid	approved,investigational	Tolfenamic acid, with the formula N-(2-methyl-3-chlorphenyl)-anthranilic acid, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent.[A31824] It was discovered by scientists at Medica Pharmaceutical Company in Finland. It is used in the UK as a treatment for migraine under the name of Clotam.[L1292] In the US, it presents a Status class I by the FDA. By the European Medicine Agency, it was granted in 2016 with the status of orphan for the treatment of supranuclear palsy.[L1291]		
DB09217	Firocoxib	experimental,vet_approved	Firocoxib is a cycooxygenase-2 (COX-2) selective non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It currently approved for veterinary use in dogs and horses under the brand names Equioxx and Previcox. Firocoxib was the first COX-2 inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for horses. Firocoxib is not intended or approved for use in human medicine.		
DB09218	Clonixin	experimental	Clonixin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.		
DB09219	Bisoxatin	approved	Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [L926]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.		
DB09220	Nicorandil	approved,investigational	Nicorandil is an orally efficacious vasodilatory drug and antianginal agent marketed in the UK, Australia, most of Europe, India, Philippines, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. It is not an approved drug by FDA. It is a niacinamide derivative that induces vasodilation of arterioles and large coronary arteries by activating potassium channels. It is often used for patients with angina who remain symptomatic despite optimal treatment ith other antianginal drugs [T28]. Nicorandil is a dual-action potassium channel opener that relaxes vascular smooth muscle through membrane hyperpolarization via increased transmembrane potassium conductance and increased intracellular concentration of cyclic GMP. It is shown to dilate normal and stenotic coronary arteries and reduces both ventricular preload and afterload [A20325].		
DB09221	Polaprezinc	experimental	Polaprezinc is a chelated form of zinc and L-carnosine. It is a zinc-related medicine approved for the first time in Japan, which has been clinically used to treat gastric ulcers [L1307, L1208].  It was determined that polaprezinc may be effective in pressure ulcer treatment [A31856]. A study in 2013 showed that CO-administration of polaprezinc may be effective against small intestine mucosal injury associated with long-term aspirin therapy [A7840].		
DB09222	Fibrinogen human	approved	Fibrinogen concentrate (human) is a hematological agent. It works by replacing a certain protein in the blood that helps with blood clotting. Fibrinogen (factor I) is a soluble plasma glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 340 kDa. It is a physiological substrate for three enzymes: plasmin, factor XIIIa and thrombin. It is indicated for the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.		
DB09223	Blonanserin	investigational	Blonanserin is an atypical antipsychotic approved in Japan in January, 2008. It offers improved tolerability as it lacks side effects such as extrapyramidal symptoms, excessive sedation, or hypotension. As a second-generation (atypical) antipsychotic, it is significantly more efficacious in the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia compared to first-generation (typical) antipsychotics.		
DB09224	Melperone	investigational	Melperone is an atypical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone chemical class, making it structurally related to the typical antipsychotic haloperidol.  Melperone has been used for a span of greater than 30 years in the European Union [L1316]. It has been well established in the treatment of confusion, anxiety, restlessness (particularly in the elderly) and schizophrenia as It is known to be well-tolerated with an excellent safety profile. Recently, it has been studied as a treatment of psychosis related to Parkinson's disease [L1316].		
DB09225	Zotepine	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Zotepine, with the formula (2-chloro-11-(2-dimethyl-amino-ethoxy)-dibenzo thiepin, is a neuroleptic drug. It was designed and synthesized by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.[A31855] It has been used as an antipsychotic in Japan, India and some places in Europe like UK and Germany since 1980's.[A31857] Zotepine was never approved by the FDA. In 1993, it was classified as inactive drug substance (Status I, Type II) and in 1995 the FDA studied the manufacturing procedures of Zotepine tablets in Germany, but the status remained inactive.[L1082] When the analysis of antipsychotics was retaken in 2016 by the FDA, zotepine did not reach the threshold effect to be further studied.[L1313]. In the EMA, by 2015 it was under pharmacovigilance studies for the potential treatment of acute renal failure.[L1314]		
DB09226	Brilaroxazine	investigational	Brilaroxazine (RP5063) is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.		
DB09227	Barnidipine	experimental	Barnidipine is a long-acting novel calcium antagonist that belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) group of calcium channel blockers. Used in the treatment of hypertension, barnidipine displays high affinity for the calcium channels of the smooth muscle cells in the vascular wall [L1131] and selectivity against cardiovascular L-type calcium channels [A7842]. Barnidipine contains two chiral centres thus can have four possible enantiomers. The active component is composed of a single optical isomer (*3'S, 4S* configuration), which is the most potent and longest-acting of the four enantiomers [A31567]. Compared to several other calcium antagonists which are racemates, the barnidipine compound consisting of a single enantiomer may offer a high degree of pharmacological selectivity [A31567].According to a dose-ranging, multicentre, placebo-controlled, double-blind study in patients with mild to moderate hypertension, the antihypertensive response from barnidipine treatment was maintained after a 1-year and 2-year follow-up period in 91% of the patients who had an initial response to the drug [A7842]. In two European multicentre randomized, double-blind trials, barnidipine was shown to possess equivalent antihypertensive efficacy to amlodipine and nitrendipine, but produced fewer class-specific side-effects [A31568]. It also demonstrated clinical efficacy which is similar to that of atenolol, enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide [A7842]. It is available in modified-release oral tablets under the brand name Vasexten to be taken once daily in the morning. Barnidipine has a gradual onset of action and is shown to be well tolerated in patients. It does not produce reflex tachycardia [A7842].		
DB09228	Conestat alfa	approved,investigational	C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor allows for increased plasma kallikrein activation and subsequent production of bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage occurs resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.		
DB09229	Aranidipine	experimental	Aranidipine is a novel dihydropyridine derivative that gives rise to two active metabolites (M-1α and M-1β) that exhibit hypotensive activity. It is a calcium antagonist with the formula methyl 2-oxopropyl 1,4-dihydro-2,6-dimethyl-4-(2-nitrophenyl)-3,5-pyridinedicarboxylate.[A31895] It was developed by Maruko Seiyaku, introduced by Taiho and launched in Japan in 1997.[T88]		
DB09230	Azelnidipine	investigational	Azelnidipine is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It is marketed by Daiichi-Sankyo pharmaceuticals, Inc. in Japan.  It has a gradual onset of action and produces a long-lasting decrease in blood pressure, with only a small increase in heart rate, unlike some other calcium channel blockers [L1379]. It is currently being studied for post-ischemic stroke management [L1380].		
DB09231	Benidipine	experimental	Benidipine has the formula 1,4-dihydro-2,6-dimethyl-4-(3-nitrophenyl)-3,5-pyridine-dicarboxylic acid methyl 1-(phenylmethyl)-3-piperidinyl ester hydrochloride. It is a synthetic dihydropyridine derivative that has anti-hypertensive and anti-anginal actions.[A31948] It was originated in Japan by Kyowa Hakko, it is submitted for FDA approval and it is currently available in some Asian countries like India and Japan.[L1385, L1386]		
DB09232	Cilnidipine	investigational	Cilnidipine is a dihydropyridine calcium antagonist. It was jointly developed by Fuji Viscera Pharmaceutical Company, Japan and Ajinomoto, Japan and approved in 1995. Compared with other calcium antagonists, cilnidipine can act on the N-type calcium channel that existing sympathetic nerve end besides acting on L-type calcium channel that similar to most of the calcium antagonists. This drug is approved in China, Japan, Korea, India, and several countries in the European Union.[A31970]		
DB09233	Cronidipine	experimental	Cronidipine is a calcium channel blocker.		
DB09234	Darodipine	experimental	Darodipine is a calcium channel blocker.		
DB09235	Efonidipine	experimental	Efonidipine is a calcium channel blocker of the _dihydropyridine class_, commercialized by Shionogi & Co. (Japan). Initially, it was marketed in 1995 under the trade name, _Landel_. The drug has been shown to block T-type in addition to L-type calcium channels [A7844, A32001]. It has also been studied in atherosclerosis and acute renal failure [A32001]. This drug is also known as NZ-105, and several studies have been done on its pharmacokinetics in animals [L1456].		
DB09236	Lacidipine	approved,investigational	Lacidipine is a lipophilic dihydropyridine calcium antagonist with an intrinsically slow onset of activity. Due to its long duration of action, lacidipine does not lead to reflex tachycardia [A31536]. It displays specificity in the vascular smooth muscle, where it acts as an antihypertensive agent to dilate peripheral arterioles and reduce blood pressure. Compared to other dihydropyridine calcium antagonists, lacidipine exhibits a greater antioxidant activity which may confer potentially beneficial antiatherosclerotic effects [A31540]. Lacidipine is a highly lipophilic molecule that interacts with the biological membranes. Through radiotracer analysis, it was determined that lacidipine displays a high membrane partition coefficient leading to accumulation of the drug in the membrane and slow rate of membrane washout [A31539]. When visualized by small-angle X-ray diffraction with angstrom resolution to examine its location within the membranes, lacidipine was found deep within the membrane's hydrocarbon core [A31539]. These results may explain the long clinical half-life of lacidipine [A31539]. In randomised, well-controlled trials, administration of daily single-dose lacidipine ranging from 2-6 mg demonstrated comparable antihypertensive efficacy similar to that of other long-acting dihydropyridine calcium antagonists, thiazide diuretics, atenolol (a beta-blocker) and enalapril (an ACE inhibitor) [A31536]. It is available as once-daily oral tablets containing 2 or 4 mg of the active compound commonly marketed as Lacipil or Motens. It is not currently FDA-approved.		
DB09237	Levamlodipine	approved,investigational	Levamlodipine, also known as S-amlodipine, is a pharmacologically active enantiomer of [amlodipine], an antihypertensive medication.[L10833] Levamlodipine belongs to the dihydropyridine group of calcium channel blockers.[L10833] This medication was first marketed in Russia and India before being granted FDA approval.[L1484] The names S-amlodipine and levamlodipine may be used interchangeably as both substances are the same, however.[L10833] As a racemic mixture, amlodipine contains (R) and (S)-amlodipine isomers, but only (S)-amlodipine as the active moiety possesses therapeutic activity.[A188940]Levamlodipine was granted FDA approval on 19 December 2019.[L10833]		
DB09238	Manidipine	approved,investigational	Manidipine (INN) is a calcium channel blocker (dihydropyridine type) that is used clinically as an antihypertensive. It is selective for vasculature and does not produce effects on the heart at clinically relevant dosages.		
DB09239	Niguldipine	experimental	Niguldipine is a calcium channel blocker drug (CCB) with a1-adrenergic antagonist properties.		
DB09240	Niludipine	experimental	Niludipine is a calcium channel blocker.		
DB09241	Methylene blue	approved,investigational	Methylene blue is an oxidation-reduction agent. The intravenous form of methylene blue is approved by the FDA for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with acquired methemoglobinemia. Historically, it has been widely used in Africa to treat malaria, but now it disappeared when chloroquine (CQ) and other drugs entered the market. Its use as an urinary tract antiseptic has also been investigated. Methylthioninium chloride (INN, or methylene blue, proposed trade name Rember) is an investigational drug being developed by the University of Aberdeen and TauRx Therapeutics that has been shown in early clinical trials to be an inhibitor of Tau protein aggregation. The drug is of potential interest for the treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease.		
DB09242	Moxonidine	approved,investigational	Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It is suggested to be effective in cases where other agents such as thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors, and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or irresponsive. As well, moxonidine has been shown to present blood pressure-independent beneficial effects on insulin resistance syndrome.		
DB09243	Hydracarbazine	experimental	Hydracarbazine is a pyridazine that has found use as an antihypertensive agent [A19790] It was once marketed in France under the tradename Normatensyl.		
DB09244	Pirlindole	experimental	This drug is classified as a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A enzyme (also known as a RIMA drug). It was developed and is currently used as an antidepressant in Russia. Its chemical structure is similar to metralindole, and it also shares pharmacological properties with this drug.Pirlindole is a selective, reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase (MAO) subtype A (MAO-A) that is approved in several European and non-European countries for the treatment of major depression. The antidepressant efficacy and safety of pirlindole have been demonstrated in numerous studies and, supported by many years of clinical experience in the treatment of depression. Pirlindole's efficacy and safety have also been shown in the treatment of fibromyalgia.		
DB09245	Toloxatone	experimental	Toloxatone is an antidepressant agent, the first ever use of which was in France, 1984. It acts as a selective  and reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase-A (MOA) [L1388].		
DB09246	Benmoxin	withdrawn	Benmoxin is an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine class. It was first synthesized in 1967 and rapidly used in Europe as an antidepressant. However, this agent is no longer marketed.		
DB09247	Iproclozide	withdrawn	Iproclozide is an irreversible and selective hydrazine class based monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI). Although it was employed as an antidepressant for a time, the fact that the agent is capable of causing fulminant hepatitis and that its use has been documented as the cause for at least three reported fatalities has resulted ultimately in the agent being discontinued.		
DB09248	Mebanazine	withdrawn	Mebanazine, also known as _Actomol_, is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) belonging to the _hydrazine_ class of chemicals. It was used in the past as an antidepressant in the 1960s, but has since been discontinued because of its hepatotoxic potential.		
DB09249	Octamoxin	withdrawn	Octamoxin, also known as _2-octylhydrazine_, is both an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase enzyme inhibitor (MAOI) of the _hydrazine_ chemical class. This drug was used in the past as an antidepressant agent in the 1960s, however, has since been discontinued.		
DB09250	Pheniprazine	withdrawn	Pheniprazine is an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant in the 1960s. In addition, it was used for the treatment of other conditions, such as angina pectoris and schizophrenia. Pheniprazine was withdrawn by its manufacturer due to its ability to cause toxicity in the liver and its ability to cause optic neuritis.		
DB09251	Phenoxypropazine	withdrawn	Phenoxypropazine is a non-selective and irreversible monoamine oxidase enzyme inhibitor (MAOI), belonging to the _hydrazine_ chemical class. It was marketed as an antidepressant in 1961 but was later withdrawn in 1966 because of its hepatotoxic potential.		
DB09252	Pivhydrazine	withdrawn	Pivhydrazine, also known as pivazide, is a member of the hydrazine family with irreversible and non-selective inhibitory activity against monoamine oxidases. In 1960, it was widely used as an antidepressant agent but it is now discontinued.		
DB09253	Safrazine	withdrawn	Safrazine is a member of the hydrazine family with non-selective and irreversible inhibitor effects against monoamine oxidases. In 1960, it was used as an antidepressant but it is now discontinued.		
DB09254	Caroxazone	withdrawn	Caroxazone is an antidepressant that has been withdrawn from the market. It is a reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of both A and B monoamine oxidase subtypes. However, it presents a five-fold preference for the MAO-B subtype.		
DB09255	Dextran	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Dextran is a polysaccharide that differs from others in that its glucose units are joined together 1:6 glucoside links. The main chain of glucose has short branches at frequent intervals which are probably joined by 1:3 and 1:4 glucoside links. The chains can be composed of about 200,000 glucose units.[A32011] Many bacteria, like _Leuconostoc_, can synthesize dextran from sucrose, and this activity is used commercially to obtain dextran.[T121]Dextran 40 is a sterile, nonpyrogenic preparation of low molecular weight dextran (average mol. wt. 40,000) in 5% Dextrose Injection or 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection. It is administered by intravenous infusion.Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.		
DB09256	Tegafur	approved,investigational	Tegafur (INN, BAN, USAN) is a prodrug of [DB00544] (5-FU), an antineoplastic agent used as the treatment of various cancers such as advanced gastric and colorectal cancers. It is a pyrimidine analogue used in combination therapies as an active chemotherapeutic agent in conjunction with [DB09257] and [DB03209], or along with [DB00544] as [DB09327]. Tegafur is usually given in combination with other drugs that enhance the bioavailability of the 5-FU by blocking the enzyme responsible for its degradation, or serves to limit the toxicity of 5-FU by ensuring high concentrations of 5-FU at a lower dose of tegafur [L933]. When converted and bioactivated to 5-FU, the drug mediates an anticancer activity by inhibiting thymidylate synthase (TS) during the pyrimidine pathway involved in DNA synthesis. 5-FU is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.		
DB09257	Gimeracil	approved	Gimeracil is an adjunct to antineoplastic therapy, used to increase the concentration and effect of the main active componets within chemotherapy regimens. Approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in March 2011, Gimeracil is available in combination with [DB03209] and [DB09256] within the commercially available product "Teysuno". The main active ingredient in Teysuno is [DB09256], a pro-drug of [DB00544] (5-FU), which is a cytotoxic anti-metabolite drug that acts on rapidly dividing cancer cells. By mimicking a class of compounds called "pyrimidines" that are essential components of RNA and DNA, 5-FU is able to insert itself into strands of DNA and RNA, thereby halting the replication process necessary for continued cancer growth. Gimeracil's main role within Teysuno is to prevent the breakdown of [DB00544] (5-FU), which helps to maintin high enough concentrations for sustained effect against cancer cells [L933]. It functions by reversibly and selectively blocking the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD), which is involved in the degradation of 5-FU [A31408]. This allows higher concentrations of 5-FU to be achieved with a lower dose of tegafur, thereby also reducing toxic side effects.		
DB09258	Bemiparin	approved,investigational	Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [A7866].  These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor.  Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [L1468, A7866].		
DB09259	Reviparin	approved,investigational	Reviparin is a low molecular weight heparin which seems to have a better safety profile than unfractionated heparin.[A32019] It is prepared from porcine intestinal mucosa by nitrous acid depolymerization. Reviparin has a molecular weight of 3.9 kDa.[A32021] It was developed by Abbott laboratories and in 2009, reviparin presented an orphan drug designation by the FDA.[L1469]		
DB09260	Parnaparin	approved,investigational	Parnaparin is an heparin of low molecular weight with antithrombotic effects.		
DB09261	Certoparin	approved,investigational	Certoparin is part of the heparins of low molecular weight that presents high activity against the coagulation factor Xa. It is normally used to prevent deep venous thrombosis.		
DB09262	Imidafenacin	investigational	Imidafenacin is an antispasmodic agent with anticholinergic effects. It antagonizes muscarinic receptors in the bladder to reduce the frequency of urination in the treatment of overactive bladder. It is marketed in Japan under the tradenames Staybla by Ono Pharmaceutical and Uritos by Kyojin Pharmaceutical.		
DB09263	Patiromer	approved,investigational	Patiromer is a powder for suspension in water for oral administration, approved in the U.S. as Veltassa in October, 2015. Patiromer is supplied as patiromer sorbitex calcium which consists of the active moiety, patiromer, a non-absorbed potassium-binding polymer, and a calcium-sorbitol counterion. Each gram of patiromer is equivalent to a nominal amount of 2 grams of patiromer sorbitex calcium. The chemical name for patiromer sorbitex calcium is cross-linked polymer of calcium 2-fluoroprop-2-enoate with diethenylbenzene and octa-1,7-diene, combination with D-glucitol. Patiromer sorbitex calcium is an amorphous, free-flowing powder that is composed of individual spherical beads.		
DB09264	Idarucizumab	approved	Idarucizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody fragment (Fab) derived from an immunoglobulin G1 isotype molecule that binds to and inactivates the oral anticoagulant dabigatran, thereby reversing its anticoagulant effect. As a direct acting oral anticoagulant (DOAC), one of the risks associated with the use of dabigatran includes bleeding, espeically when given to patients at increased risk (elderly, chronic kidney disease, concomitant NSAID or warfarin use, etc). Approved under the tradename Praxbind (FDA), idarucizumab is indicated for the emergency treatment of dabigatran-associated bleeding in life-threatening or surgically induced situations. Its use is associated with immediate, complete and sustained reversal of the anticoagulant effects of dabigatran.Idarucizumab protein structure can be viewed below, with disulfide bridges at the following points: H22-H95, H149-H205, H225-L-219, L23-L93, L139-L199.		
DB09265	Lixisenatide	approved	Lixisenatide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It is sold under the brand name Adlyxin by Sanofi-Aventis. Adlyxin recieved FDA approval July 28, 2016 [L763].		
DB09266	Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept	approved,investigational	Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic imaging agent approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the imaging of lymph nodes with or without scintigraphic imaging. It is a macromolecule consisting of multiple units of diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (DTPA) and mannose, each covalently attached to a 10 kDa dextran backbone [FDA Label]. DTPA serves as a chelating agent for technetium Tc 99m to bind [FDA Label]. Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is used in lymphatic mapping and lymph node localization in breast cancer, melanoma, clinically node-negative squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity, and other solid tumors [A32169, A32170]. Detecting sentinel lymph node (SLN) is clinically useful in the prognosis and management of the disease, as it is considered as the first lymph node that receives afferent lymphatic drainage from a primary tumor, and may be used to predict tumour staging and metastasis [A32170]. However, as nodal micrometastasis in breast cancer may not be associated with significant changes in survival, it is also important to identify clinically node-negative patients [A32170]. Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is a novel CD206 receptor-targeted molecule that selectively binds to mannose receptors expressed on the surface of reticuloendothelial cells in lymph nodes [A32168]. Due to its relatively small molecular weight and small molecular diameter of 7 nm [A32168], technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept displays more rapid injection site clearance, high sentinel node extraction, and low distal node accumulation compared to other conventional radiocolloids [A32170]. It achieves high overall accuracy in detecting SLN [A32169]. Once reconstituted and labelled, technetium Tc99m tilmanocept is intended to be injected in close proximity to the tumor being diagnosed and employed in preoperative gamma detection imaging in combination with various other techniques, including scintigraphy, SPECT, and SPECT/CT [L1157]. It may be administered via subcutaneous, intradermal, subareolar, or peritumoral injection, depending on the tutor location and planned injection technique [FDA Label]. It is marketed under the trade name Lymphoseek. Potential application of technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept to other cancers are being investigated [A32170].		
DB09267	Strontium ranelate	approved,withdrawn	Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Some reports have shown that strontium ranelate can slow down the progression of osteoarthritis of the knee. This agent presents an atypical mechanism of action in which it increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and, simultaneously, reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.		
DB09268	Picosulfuric acid	approved	Picosulfuric acid is found in laxative products. Sodium picosulfate is a used to treat constipation or induce colon cleansing to prepare the large bowels before colonoscopy or surgery. The combination product containing sodium picosulfate and magnesium citrate was introduced to the Canadian market in 2005 and has been used in European countries for many years [A33322].		
DB09269	Phenylacetic acid	approved	Phenylacetic acid is an organic compound containing a phenyl functional group and a carboxylic acid functional group. It is a white solid with a disagreeable odor. Because it is used in the illicit production of phenylacetone (used in the manufacture of substituted amphetamines), it is subject to controls in countries including the United States and China.		
DB09270	Ubidecarenone	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Ubidecarenone, also called coenzyme Q10, is a 1,4-benzoquinone. From his name (Q10), the Q refers to the constitutive quinone group, and 10 is related to the number of isoprenyl subunits in its tail.[A7874] It is a powerful antioxidant, a lipid-soluble and essential cofactor in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation.[A31413] The ubidecarenone is the coenzyme destined for mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in the production of ATP. It is fundamental for cells that have a high metabolic demand.[L1062] Ubidecarenone is sold as a dietary supplement and is not FDA approved as a drug thus, it is not meant to treat, cure or prevent any disease. FDA does not approve this dietary supplements before sold nor regulate the manufacturing process.[L1063]		
DB09271	Cimetropium	experimental,investigational	Cimetropium is a semi-synthetic belladonna alkaloid and derivative of scopolamine. It is a potent antimuscarinic and an effective antispasmodic drug. It is also endowed of a direct myolitic action which partially accounts for its antispasmodic activity. It has never been approved for use in the U.S. or Canada.		
DB09272	Eluxadoline	approved,investigational	Eluxadoline is a mixed mu-opioid receptor agonist, kappa-opioid receptor agonist, and a-delta opioid receptor antagonist indicated for use in diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D). The mu-, kappa-, and delta-opioid receptors mediate endogenous and exogenous opioid response in the central nervous system and peripherally in the gastrointestinal system. Agonism of peripheral mu-opioid receptors results in reduced colonic motility, while antagonism of central delta-opioid receptors results in improved analgesia, making eluxadoline usable for the symptoms of both pain and diarrhea characteristic of IBS-D. Marketed under the tradename Viberzi (FDA), eluxadoline is an antimotility agent that decreases bowel contractions, inhibits colonic transit, and reduces ﬂuid/ion secretion resulting in improved symptoms of abdominal pain and reductions in the Bristol Stool Scale.		
DB09273	Doxofylline	experimental	Doxofylline is a methylxanthine derivative with the presence of a dioxolane group in position 7. As a drug used in the treatment of asthma, doxofylline has shown similar efficacy to theophylline but with significantly fewer side effects in animal and human studies. In contrast with other xanthine derivatives, doxofylline does not significantly bind to adenosine alpha-1 or alpha-2 receptors and lacks stimulating effects. Decreased affinity for adenosine receptors may account for the better safety profile of doxofylline compared to theophylline [L1169]. Unlike theophylline, doxofylline does not affect calcium influx and does not antagonize the actions of calcium channel blockers which could explain reduced cardiac adverse reactions associated with the drug [A7885]. The anti-asthmatic effects of doxophylline are mediated by other mechanisms, primarily through inhibiting the activities of the phosphodiesterase (PDE) enzyme.		
DB09274	Artesunate	approved,investigational	Artesunate is indicated for the initial treatment of severe malaria.[L14099] The World Health Organization recommends artesunate as first line treatment for severe malaria.[L890] Artesunate was developed out of a need for a more hydrophilic derivative of [artemisinin].[A203948]Artesunate was granted FDA approval on 26 May 2020.[L14099]		
DB09275	Bismuth subcitrate potassium	approved,investigational	A bismuth compound used for peptic ulcer and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GORD).		
DB09276	Sodium aurothiomalate	approved,investigational	Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.		
DB09277	Choline C 11	approved,investigational	Choline C 11 is a marker for cellular proliferation as its main molecule is a precursor for the biosynthesis of phospholipids which are essential components of all cell membranes.[A32041] It was developed by MCPRF and FDA first approved in September 2012.		
DB09278	Activated charcoal	approved	Activated charcoal, or activated carbon, is an amorphous form of carbon prepared from incomplete combustion of carbonaceous organic matter. It is activated by an oxidizing gas flow at high temperature passed over its surface to make a fine network of pores, producing a material with large surface area and high affinity for various substances. It is used as a gastric decontaminant and emergency medication to treat poisonings following excessive oral ingestion of certain medications or poisons by absorbing most drugs and toxins. However its effects is rendered poor on some compounds including strong acids or bases, methanol and substances with limited absorptive capacity (including iron, lithium, arsenic). It works by binding to the poison in the gastric contents in a reversible fashion thus may be adminstered together with a cathartic to reduce the small intestine transit time. The clinical applications of activated charcoal occured in the early 1800's. While this management for acute poisoning is considered fairly invasive, it is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines that includes the most important medications needed in a basic health system.		
DB09279	Fimasartan	investigational	Fimasartan is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) drug employed in the treatment of both hypertension and heart failure. It has been found to be safe when administered with hydrochlorothiazide (a diuretic) in clinical trials. Fimasartan was initially approved September 9th, 2010 in South Korea and is marketed under the brand name _Kanarb_ by Boryung Pharmaceuticals.		
DB09280	Lumacaftor	approved	Lumacaftor is a drug used in combination with [DB08820] as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 6 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, a transmembrane ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes of the lungs, pancreas, and other organs. Mutations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the CFTR protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes.[A20298, A20299] As a result, CF patients produce thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition.[A20302] Lumacaftor improves CF symptoms and underlying disease pathology by aiding the conformational stability of F508del-mutated CFTR proteins, preventing misfolding and resulting in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms.[FDA Label] This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi.[A20343] Improvements in lung function (ppFEV1) were found to be statistically significant, but minimal, with only a 2.6-3.0% change from baseline with more than 70% of patients failing to achieve an absolute improvement of at least 5%.[A20343, L936]A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR, or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes.[A20301] When used in combination with [DB08820] as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is specific for the management of CF in patients with delta-F508 mutations as it acts as a protein-folding chaperone, aiding the conformational stability of the mutated CFTR protein. Consequently, lumacaftor increases successful production of CFTR ion channels and the total number of receptors available for use at the cell membrane for fluid and ion transport.[A18395] The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide, is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered.[A17564] Treatment of patients with G551D and other rarer missense mutations is usually managed with [DB08820] (Kalydeco), as it aids with altered gating mechanisms by potentiating channel opening probability of CFTR protein.Prior to the development of lumacaftor and [DB08820] (Kalydeco), management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process. Approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration in July 2015 and by Health Canada in January 2016, Orkambi was the first combination product approved for the management of Cystic Fibrosis with delta-F508 mutations.Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals.		
DB09281	Magnesium trisilicate	approved	Magnesium trisilicate is an inorganic compound that is used as an antacid in the treatment of peptic ulcers.		
DB09282	Molsidomine	approved,investigational	Molsidomine is an orally active, long-acting vasodilator, which belongs to the class of medications known as syndnones. Interestingly, it is being studied as being a preventive measure in cerebral infarction [A31932].		
DB09283	Trapidil	experimental	Trapidil, a platelet-derived growth factor antagonist, was originally developed as a vasodilator and anti-platelet agent and has been used to treat patients with ischemic coronary heart, liver, and kidney disease.		
DB09284	Imolamine	investigational	Imolamine is a compound with a molecular weight of 260.33 g/mol with the formula diethyl[2-{5-imino-3-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1,2,3-oxadiazol,-4-yl)ethyl]amine. It is developed under the brand name Coremax by Novartis consumer health SA.		
DB09285	Morniflumate	experimental	Morniflumate is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug with antipyretic properties.  It is the morpholinoethyl ester of niflumic acid [L1496].  In one study, post morniflumate ingestion, physical examination and clinical symptoms of those with bronchitis showed improvement [A7889].		
DB09286	Pipamperone	investigational	Pipamperone is a typical antipsychotic of the _butyrophenone_ family used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It was developed by Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1961 and started its first round of clinical trials in 1963 [L1514, L1518].In an effort to improve [haloperidol]'s pharmacological effects, Janssen discovered that pipamperone, an agent whose pharmacological profile was distinct from haloperidol and all other known antipsychotic drugs at this time, had significant anti-tryptamine activity. Some studies suggest pipamperone was the first atypical antipsychotic. Interestingly, when [risperidone] was created, Janssen suggested it was a more potent version of pipamperone. Synthesized in the year 1984, risperidone’s pharmacological properties were similar to pipamperone’s in that both block more serotonin more potently than dopamine [L1518].		
DB09287	Polyethylene glycol	approved,vet_approved	Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a synthetic polymer produced via polymerization of ethylene oxide molecules to make joining units of ethylene glycol by an ether linkage.[A190975,A190978] PEGs are water-soluble polymers that can form hydrogen bonds in a ratio of 100 water molecules per one PEG molecule.[A190975] Molecular weights of PEGs vary by time of the polymerization process and the molecular weight represents the weighted average of the individual PEG molecules. PEGs differ in their physical and chemical properties depending on their molecular weight: PEGs are liquids when molecular weights are <1000 and the molecule turns to waxy solids with increasing molecular weights.[A190978] The most common preparations of PEGs include PEG 3350 and PEG 400. PEGs have various applications in many fields, ranging from medical to industrial areas. PEGs have a long history of gastroenterology: PEG 3350 is a common over-the-counter osmotic laxative used to relieve occasional constipation.[L11812] PEG 3350 is also used for cleansing of the colon in preparation for colonoscopy in adults.[L6421]The rationale of using PEG in gastroenterology is due to the physical properties of the compound: its potent water-binding capacity, negligible intestinal absorption with increasing molecular mass, lack of significant toxicity, and limited intestinal enzymatic degradation or bacterial metabolism all make PEG a useful therapeutic agent for the treatment of occasional constipation and bowel cleansing for preparation in colonoscopy.[A18713]		
DB09288	Propacetamol	experimental	Propacetamol is a non-opioid analgesic devoid of the major contraindications.[A32051] It is a derivative of [acetaminophen], or paracetamol, with the molecular formula glycine, N, N-diethyl-,4-(acetylamino)phenyl ester. Propacetamol is a parenteral formulation of paracetamol and thus, it is a prodrug that is completely hydrolyzed to paracetamol.[A7892] It is not available in the United States but this prodrug has been widely used in other countries such as France since 1985.[L1505]		
DB09289	Tianeptine	investigational	Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [A31983]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), however, it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [A31969].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s [L2946]. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.		
DB09290	Ramosetron	investigational	Ramosetron is a _serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist_ commonly employed to treat nausea and vomiting, in addition to certain diarrheal conditions. It is believed to have higher potency and longer antiemetic action than other 1st generation 5-HT3 antagonists such as ondansetron. Currently, ramosetron is only approved for use Japan and in certain Southeast Asian countries.		
DB09291	Rolapitant	approved,investigational	Rolapitant is a potent, highly selective, long-acting Neurokinin-1 (NK-1) receptor antagonist approved for the prevention of delayed chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) in adults. Delayed-phase CINV typically occurs >24 hours after chemotherapy treatment and is principally mediated by Neurokinin-1 and its ligand Substance P, which is released in the gut following chemotherapy administration. Neurokinin-1 is also known as Tachykinin Receptor 1 (TACR1), Neurokinin 1 Receptor (NK1R), and Substance P Receptor (SPR). By blocking Substance P from interacting with NK-1 receptors in the gut and the central nervous system, rolapitant prevents late-phase CINV. Unlike other available NK-1 receptor antagonists, rolapitant is not an inhibitor of Cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP3A4 and has a long elimination half-life, allowing a single dose to prevent both acute and late-phase CINV during the first 120 hours post-chemotherapy.		
DB09292	Sacubitril	approved	Sacubitril is a prodrug neprilysin inhibitor used in combination with valsartan to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It was approved by the FDA after being given the status of priority review for on July 7, 2015.Sacubitril's active metabolite, LBQ657 inhibits neprilysin, a neutral endopeptidase that would typically cleave natiuretic peptides such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and c-type natriuretic peptide (CNP). ANP and BNP are released under atrial and ventricle stress, which activate downstream receptors leading to vasodilation, natriuresis and diuresis. Under normal conditions, neprilysin breaks down other vasodilating peptides and also vasoconstrictors such as angiotensin I and II, endothelin-1 and peptide amyloid beta-protein. Inhibition of neprilysin therefore leads to reduced breakdown and increased concentration of endogenous natriuretic peptides in addition to increased levels of vasoconstricting hormones such as angiotensin II.		
DB09293	Iodide I-131	approved,investigational	Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy.  Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine.  Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine.  It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.		
DB09295	Talniflumate	experimental	Talniflumate, is an anti-inflammatory molecule studied and used as a mucin regulator in the treatment of cystic fibrosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma [L1400]. In addition, it is used in inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis. Phase I trials with talniflumate for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and COPD were completed in August 2001, and phase II trials were performed in Ireland for the treatment of cystic fibrosis but this research has now been discontinued [L1402, L1405]. Talniflumate has been approved for approximately 20 years in Argentina other countries (excluding the United States, Europe, and Japan) [L1405].		
DB09296	Ombitasvir	approved,investigational	Ombitasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Ombitasvir. Ombitasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [A19593]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Ombitasvir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 [L852]. Depending on the genotype, Ombitasvir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as [DB09183], [DB09297], [DB00503], and [DB00811] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as Ombitasvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [A19635].Ombutasvir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09183], [DB09297], and [DB00503] as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Ombutasvir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09297] and [DB00503] as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, Ombutasvir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09183], [DB09297], and [DB00503] as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with [DB00811] for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.		
DB09297	Paritaprevir	approved,investigational	Paritaprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as paritaprevir. As a newer generation and directly acting HCV antiviral, paritaprevir products have better Sustained Virological Response (SVR) rates, higher barriers to resistance, fewer side effects, and a reduced pill burden compared to older agents such as [DB08873], [DB05521], [DB00008], [DB00022], and [DB00811]. By combining multiple antiretroviral medications into fixed dose products, the viral lifecycle can be targeted at multiple stages while simultaneously reducing the risk of developing resistant viral strains [A19593]. Within Canada and the United States, paritaprevir is currently available in three fixed dose products: Viekira Pak (FDA), Technivie (FDA and Health Canada), and Holkira Pak (Health Canada).More specifically, paritaprevir prevents viral replication by inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [A19643]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, paritaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Paritaprevir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4[L852]. Depending on the genotype, Paritaprevir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as [DB09296], [DB09183], [DB00503], and [DB00811], with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as paritaprevir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [A19635]. Paritaprevir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB00503] as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with [DB00811] for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296] and [DB00503] as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with [DB00811] for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB00503] as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with [DB00811] for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.		
DB09298	Silibinin	experimental,investigational	Silibinin is the major active constituent of silymarin, a standardized extract of the milk thistle seeds, containing a mixture of flavonolignans consisting of silibinin, isosilibinin, silicristin, silidianin and others. Silibinin is presented as a mixture of two diastereomers, silybin A and silybin B, which are found in an approximately equimolar ratio. Both in vitro and animal research suggest that silibinin has hepatoprotective (antihepatotoxic) properties that protect liver cells against toxins. Silibinin has also demonstrated in vitro anti-cancer effects against human prostate adenocarcinoma cells, estrogen-dependent and -independent human breast carcinoma cells, human ectocervical carcinoma cells, human colon cancer cells, and both small and nonsmall human lung carcinoma cells.		
DB09299	Tenofovir alafenamide	approved	Tenofovir alafenamide is a novel [tenofovir] prodrug developed in order to improve renal safety when compared to the counterpart [tenofovir disoproxil].[A178060] Both of these prodrugs were first created to cover the polar phosphonic acid group on tenofovir by using a novel oxycarbonyloxymethyl linkers to improve the oral bioavailability and intestinal diffusion.[T239] Tenofovir alafenamide is an alanine ester form characterized for presenting low systemic levels but high intracellular concentration.[A178219] It has been reported to produce a large antiviral efficacy at doses ten times lower than tenofovir disoproxil.[A178327] Tenofovir alafenamide is indicated to treat chronic hepatitis B,[L6241] treat HIV-1,[L4388,L6277,L6280,L6283] and prevent HIV-1 infections.[L4388,L9010]Tenofovir alafenamide was developed by Gilead Sciences Inc and granted FDA approval on 5 November 2015.[L6271]		
DB09300	Butylscopolamine	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Butylscopolamine is a peripherally acting antimuscarinic, anticholinergic agent. It is used to treat pain and discomfort caused by abdominal cramps, menstrual cramps, or other spasmodic activity in the digestive system. It is also effective at preventing bladder spasms. It is not a pain medication in the normal sense, since it does not directly affect pain, but rather works to prevent painful cramps and spasms from occurring. It is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.		
DB09301	Chondroitin sulfate	approved,investigational,nutraceutical	Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[A7906] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[A32063] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[A32066]		
DB09302	Alirocumab	approved	Alirocumab is a biopharmaceutical that obtained FDA approval in July 2015 as a second line treatment for high cholesterol in adults whose LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) is not controlled by the combination of diet and statin treatment. It is a human monoclonal antibody part of the family of the PCSK9 inhibitors which are a novel class of anticholesterol therapeutics. From this family, it was the first agent to receive FDA approval. The FDA approval was contingent on the completion of further clinical trials to better determine efficacy and safety. PCSK9 inhibition facilitates more LDL-C clearance from the blood.		
DB09303	Evolocumab	approved	Evolocumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of hyperlipidemia by Amgen. It is a subcutaneous injection approved by the FDA for individuals on maximum statin therapy who still require additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. It is approved for both homozygous and heterozygous familial cholesterolemia as an adjunct to other first-line therapies. Evolocumab is a human IgG2 monoclonal antibody that targets the proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9). PCSK9 is a protein that targets LDL receptors for degradation, therefore reducing the liver's ability to remove LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), or "bad" cholesterol, from the blood. Evolocumab is designed to bind to PCSK9 and inhibit PCSK9 from binding to LDL receptors on the liver surface, resulting in more LDL receptors on the surface of the liver to remove LDL-C from the blood. Evolocumab is the second PCSK9 inhibitor on the market, first being alirocumab.		
DB09304	Setiptiline	experimental	Setiptiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant (TeCA) which acts as a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant (NaSSA). In Japan, the company Mochida started its commercialization for the treatment of depression started in 1989.		
DB09305	Aptazapine	experimental	Aptazapine (CGS-7525A) was a tetracyclic antidepressant developed in the 1980s. Aptazapine had noradrenergic and specific serotonergic activity. It antagonised α2 adrenergic receptors approximately 10 times more effectively than mianserin, antagonised 5-HT2 receptors, agonised H1 receptors, and did not affect reuptake of serotonin or norepinephrine. Although Aptazapine reached clinical trials, it was never marketed.		
DB09306	Metralindole	experimental	Metralindole, also known as Inkazan, is similar in structure and pharmacology to pirlindole. It functions as a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A. In Russia, this drug was investigated for potential antidepressant activity.		
DB09307	Oxaprotiline	experimental	Oxaprotiline is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor of the tetracyclic antidepressant family that is related to maprotiline. This drug was never marketed. Oxaprotiline is a racemic mixture of the isomers levoprotiline and dextroprotiline. Levoprotiline is the R or levo isomer of oxaprotiline (CGP-12,103-A). Dextroprotiline is the S or dextro isomer of oxaprotiline (CGP-12,104-A). Both enantiomers have antidepressant effects but levoprotiline also is an antihistamine and dextroprotiline has many other pharmacological actions.		
DB09308	Solithromycin	investigational	Solithromycin is a ketolide antibiotic undergoing clinical development for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) and other infections.		
DB09309	Kitasamycin	experimental	Kitasamycin is a macrolide antibiotic derived from <em>Streptomyces kitasatoensis</em>.		
DB09310	Catridecacog	approved	Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), also known as catridecacog, is a recombinant form of the Factor XIII-A2 homodimer composed of two factor XIII (FXIII) A-subunits [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously available coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 catalytic A-subunits and 2 non-catalytic B-subunits (FXIII-A2B2) [A32363]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII A2B2 pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [A18581].When supplied as the recombinant form, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) binds to free human FXIII B-subunit resulting in a heterotetramer (rA2B2) with a similar activity profile and half-life as the endogenously available form. In patients with congenital factor XIII A-subunit deficiency, this product (marketed as Tretten) is indicated for the routine prophylaxis of bleeding. In these patients, activated rFXIII has been shown to increase the mechanical strength of fibrin clots, slow down fibrinolysis, and to enhance platelet adhesion to the site of injury. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[A32363].  Other drug products with similar structure and function to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) include [DB12909], which is a purified endogenous (human) form of coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated, the human form is isolated from pooled human plasma.Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is available in the US as the commmercially available product Tretten, and in the EU as NovoThirteen. Tretten is manufactured as an intracellular, soluble protein in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) production strain containing the episomal expression vector, pD16. It is subsequently isolated by homogenization of cells and purification by several chromatography steps, including hydrophobic interaction and ion exchange chromatography [FDA Label].		
DB09311	Polycarbophil	experimental	Polycarbophil calcium is a synthetic polymer manufactured from the cross-linking of polyacrylic acid with divinyl glycol and a calcium counter-ion.Polycarbophil calcium is a stool stabilizer used to treat constipation. This drug may also be used to help relieve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome or diarrhea.Less gas and bloating compared to psyllium laxative products, but can cause heartburn, and belly cramps. It is insoluble in water, dilute acids, and dilute alkali. The material possesses exceptionally high water-binding capacity. is not absorbed, does not interfere with the activity of digestive enzymes or intestinal absorption, possesses satisfactory stability, is physiologically inert, and does not cause gastrointestinal irritation.		
DB09312	Antilymphocyte immunoglobulin (horse)	approved,investigational	Equine anti-thymocyte globulin is composed of purified gamma globulin containing primarily IgG against human thymus lymphocytes. It is formed by inoculating a horse with an antigen (human thymoyctes) which then induces the horse immune system's B-lymphocytes to produce IgG immunoglobulins specific for that antigen. The result is polyclonal IgG that is then purified from the horse's serum to produce a usable drug product that can be used for immunosuppression. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, equine anti-thymocyte globulin targets a variety of immune system proteins including lymphocyte surface proteins, granulocytes, platelets, bone marrow cells, and other cell types. Equine ATG is currently indicated for the suppression of the immune system to prevent renal transplant rejection and in the treatment of aplastic anemia. Induction of T cell apoptosis and resulting T-cell lymphopenia found in vivo is credited for its therapeutic effect in these conditions. There are currently various ATG products available, which differ in the source of  inoculated animal (rabbit, horse, or pig) and in the type of antigen product used to produce immunoglobulin (thymocytes, peripheral T cells, etc.).		
DB09313	Ioxaglic acid	approved,investigational	Ioxaglic acid is marketed as Hexabrix. This drug is an ionic tri-iodinated benzoate used as a low-osmolality contrast agent during diagnostic imaging procedures. Like other organic iodine compounds, ioxaglic acid blocks x-rays and is opaque in its appearance on x-ray film, improving the visualization of important structures and organs during angiography, arteriography, arthrography, cholangiography, urography, and computed tomography [L1889].Ioxaglic acid has a low osmolarity and is associated with fewer side effects compared to older contrast agents [L1883].		
DB09314	Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate	approved,investigational	Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues:  thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.		
DB09315	Xenon-133	approved	Xenon-133 is an inhaled radionuclide used for lung imaging, imaging blood flow in the brain, and to assess pulmonary function.		
DB09316	Thallous Chloride	approved	Thallous chloride (also known as Thallium(I) chloride) is a colourless solid intermediate in the isolation of thallium from its ores. It is created from the treatment of thallium(I) sulfate with hydrochloric acid. This solid crystallizes in the caesium chloride motif. It is used as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical. It is used for diagnosis of heart and parathyroid problems. The following are among the possible side effects: Blurred vision, chest pain or discomfort, chills, confusion, cough, difficulty with breathing, difficulty with swallowing, and dizziness.		
DB09317	Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A	approved	Synthetic conjugated estrogens A are composed of a blend of the following nine synthetic estrogenic substances: estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, and sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate. This blend of nine estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Enjuvia (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form.		
DB09318	Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B	approved	Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form.		
DB09319	Carindacillin	approved,investigational	Carindacillin or Carbenicillin isdanyl was an oral penicillin prodrug of [carbenicillin] marketed by Pfizer as Geocillin. It is no longer marketed in the United States.		
DB09320	Procaine benzylpenicillin	approved,vet_approved	Procaine benzylpenicillin (INN), also known as procaine G penicillin, is an injectable antiobiotic. It is a poorly soluble salt form of penicillin which is a combination of naturally occuring benzylpenicillin (penicillin G) and the local anaesthetic agent procaine in equimolar amounts. Procaine benzylpenicillin is administered by deep intramuscular injection. It is slowly absorbed and hydrolyzed to benzylpenicillin. This drug is used where prolonged exposure to benzylpenicillin at a low concentration is required. This combination is aimed at reducing the pain and discomfort associated with a large intramuscular injection of penicillin. It is widely used in veterinary settings. Benzylpenicillin is active against a wide range of organisms and is the drug of first choice for many infections.		
DB09321	Zinc oxide	approved	Zinc oxide is an inorganic compound used in a number of manufacturing processes. It can be found in rubbers, plastics, ceramics, glass, cement, lubricants, paints, ointments, adhesives, sealants, pigments, foods, batteries, ferrites, fire retardants, and first-aid tapes. It occurs naturally as the mineral zincite, but most zinc oxide is produced synthetically. It is also widely used to treat a variety of other skin conditions, in products such as baby powder and barrier creams to treat diaper rashes, calamine cream, anti-dandruff shampoos, and antiseptic ointments.		
DB09322	Zinc sulfate	approved,investigational	Zinc sulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula ZnSO4 and historically known as "white vitriol". It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.		
DB09324	Sulbactam	approved	Sulbactam is a β-lactamase inhibitor given in combination with β-lactam antibiotics to inhibit β-lactamase, an enzyme produced by bacteria that destroys antibiotic activity.		
DB09325	Sodium fluoride	approved	Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound that is a source of the fluoride ion in many applications, including dental care and radiographic imaging when it is used as [Fluoride ion F-18].[L4894] Sodium fluoride's benefits on dental health were first observed in the 1930s, when individuals in communities with fluoridated drinking water showed less tooth decay than those without fluoridated water. The use of fluoride in dental practice began in the 1940s. Now, sodium fluoride may be found in a variety of gels, varnishes, rinses, toothpaste products, and fluoride treatments provided in dental care.[A181670,A181688] According to the American Dental Association (ADA), thorough evidence reviews have indicated that the use of fluoride to prevent and control dental caries is safe when used correctly and is highly effective in reducing the prevalence of caries.[L7691]		
DB09326	Ammonia N-13	approved	Ammonia N 13 Injection, USP is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging. The active ingredient, [13N] ammonia, has the molecular formula of 13NH3 with a molecular weight of 16.02.Ammonia N 13 Injection, USP is used for imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate myocardial perfusion in patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.		
DB09327	Tegafur-uracil	approved,investigational	Tegafur-uracil is an anti-tumor compound containing tegafur (1-(2-tetrahydrofuryl)-5-fluorouracil) and uracil in a molar ratio of 1:4. It was developed as an anti-cancer therapy by Taiho Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.[A32073] It is approved in different countries but it is not yet approved by the FDA, Health Canada or EMA.		
DB09328	Vayarin	approved,investigational	Vayarin is a prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of certain lipid imbalances blamed to be associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children. Vayarin contains _Lipirinen_, a proprietary composition containing phosphatidylserine-omega 3, EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [L1500, L14501, L1510]. Vayarin is currently available only by prescription in the USA [L1502].  This drug has also been used for management of hypertriglyceridemia [L1503].Vayarin is an orally administered prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of complex lipid imbalances thought to be associated with ADHD. Vayarin is a specially formulated and designed to address the distinct, previously determined lipid nutritional requirements of children with ADHD, the dietary management of which cannot be achieved with lifestyle modification [L1502].Vayarin is a novel therapy for ADHD that appears to be effective in several studies [L1501, L1502, L1503]. Approximately 60% of the users who completed 12 weeks of therapy reported subjective benefits from treatment. A slow response time of 12 weeks is an impediment to successful management of ADHD as only 41.6% of subjects prescribed Vayarin remained compliant for the duration of the study. Cost of the drug and patient aversion to the taste of Vayarin were significant reasons for therapy failure [L1502].		
DB09329	Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated	approved,investigational	Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in December 2016 as the product _Adynovate_ [FDA label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of approximately 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa) [FDA label]. It has been created to increase the half-life of factor VIII, which decreases dose frequency and decreases the occurrence of bleeding events [A32067], [A32069], [FDA label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. PEGylation decreases factor VIII clearance and allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [L1529].		
DB09330	Osimertinib	approved	Osimertinib is an oral, third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) drug developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. Its use is indicated for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in cases where tumour EGFR expression is positive for the T790M mutation as detected by FDA-approved testing and which has progressed following therapy with a first-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Approximately 10% of patients with NSCLC have a rapid and clinically effective response to EGFR-TKIs due to the presence of specific activating EGFR mutations within the tumour cells. More specifically, deletions around the LREA motif in exon 19 and exon 21 L858R point mutations are correlated with response to therapy. Development of third-generation EGFR-TKIs, such as osimertinib, has been in response to altered tumour resistance patterns following treatment and toxic side effects that impact patient quality of life. Treatment with first-generation EGFR-TKIs (gefitinib and erlotinib) has been associated with the development of resistance through activating mutations in the EGFR gene. Second-generation EGFR-TKIs (afatinib and dacomitinib) were then developed to be more potent inhibitors, although their use is associated with increased toxicity through nonspecific targeting of wild-type EGFR. In contrast, third-generation inhibitors are specific for the gate-keeper T790M mutations which increases ATP binding activity to EGFR and result in poor prognosis for late-stage disease. Furthermore, osimertinib has been shown to spare wild-type EGFR during therapy, thereby reducing non-specific binding and limiting toxicity.		
DB09331	Daratumumab	approved	Daratumumab is an immunoglobulin G1 kappa monoclonal antibody developed by Janssen and Genmab.[A7935] It was first described in the literature in 2010 as a monoclonal antibody that targets CD38+ multiple myeloma cells; the first of its kind.[A199002]Daratumumab was granted FDA approval on 16 November 2015.[L13290]		
DB09332	Kappadione	approved	Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [L1543]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [L1544]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [L1544].		
DB09333	Iopodic acid	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[A32080] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[L1082]		
DB09334	Seractide acetate	approved	Seractide acetate is the acetate salt of full length human corticotropin.		
DB09335	Alatrofloxacin	approved,withdrawn	Alatrofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic developed by Pfizer, delivered as a mesylate salt. It was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 2001.		
DB09336	Technetium Tc-99m nofetumomab merpentan	approved,withdrawn	Technetium Tc-99m nofetumomab merpentan (Tc-99m nm) consists of a Fab fragment of an IgG2b of the pancarcinoma murine antibody NR-LU-10.[A32115] The NR-LU-10 antibody is directed against a 40 kDa glycoprotein antigen expressed in a variety of cancers and some normal tissues.[FDA label] Tc-99m nm was developed by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma KG and FDA approved on September 14, 1992. It was after discontinued on August 13, 2013, but in the 2018 FDA submission list, it can be found as a substance type II (Drug substance) with an active status.[L1650, L1082]		
DB09337	Medical air	approved,vet_approved	Medical air is supplied by a special air compressor to patient care areas using clean outside air.		
DB09338	Mersalyl	experimental	Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [L1575, L1577]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [L1577].  Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [L1584].		
DB09339	Indium In-111 imciromab pentetate	withdrawn	Indium In-111 imciromab pentetate is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioisotope Indium-111 which was used for cardiac imaging under the trade name Myoscint, but was withdrawn in 1993.		
DB09340	Tyropanoic acid	approved	Tyropanoic acid is a radiocontrast agent used in cholecystography, the X-ray diagnosis of gallstones under the trade names include Bilopaque, Lumopaque, Tyropaque, and Bilopac. The molecule contains three heavy iodine atoms which obstruct X-rays in the same way as the calcium in bones, which results in a visible image [L1608].		
DB09341	Dextrose, unspecified form	approved,vet_approved	Glucose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) generated during phosynthesis involving water, carbon and sunlight in plants. It is produced in humans via hepatic gluconeogenesis and breakdown of polymeric glucose forms (glycogenolysis). It circulates in human circulation as blood glucose and acts as an essential energy source for many organisms through aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation. It is primarily stored as starch in plants and glycogen in animals to be used in various metabolic processes in the cellular level. Its aldohexose stereoisomer, dextrose or D-glucose, is the most commonly occurring isomer of glucose in nature. L-glucose is a synthesized enantiomer that is used as a low-calorie sweetener and laxative. The unspecified form of glucose is commonly supplied as an injection for nutritional supplementation or metabolic disorders where glucose levels are improperly regulated. Glucose is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.		
DB09342	Propoxycaine	approved	Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic of the ester type that has a rapid onset of action and a longer duration of action than procaine hydrochloride [L1588].  This drug was removed from the US market in 1996.    Although no longer available in the United States, this medication was used in combination with procaine to aid in anesthesia during dental procedures [L1592].  Used in combination with procaine, it was the only dental local anesthetic available in cartridge form [L1592].		
DB09343	Tipiracil	approved,investigational	Tipiracil is a thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor. It is used in combination with trifluridine, in a ratio of 1:0.5, to form TAS-102. The main function of Tipiracil in TAS-102 is to increase trifluridine bioavailability by inhibiting its catabolism.[A31255] TAS-102 is indicated for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer which has been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, or with an anti-VEGF or anti-EGFR therapy.[A31254]		
DB09344	Invert sugar	experimental	Invert sugar is obtained from sugar cane when this is treated with dilute acid or with the invertase enzyme. It is formed by an equal amount of glucose and fructose. It differentiates from sugar cane in the rotation of the polarized light, which in the case of invert sugar it is to the left (levorotatory).[A32124] Invert sugar is FDA approved since 1988 as a safe substance (GRAS).		
DB09345	Pramocaine	approved	Pramocaine (also known as pramoxine or pramoxine HCI) is a topical anesthetic and antipruritic. It is used for many dermatological and anorectal/anogenital conditions including minor cuts/burns, insect bites, hives/rashes due to poison ivy exposure, hemorrhoids and other anorectal/anogenital disorders.  Pramocaine is available by itself and in combination with other medications in various topical preparations. It works by preventing ionic fluctuations needed for neuron membrane depolarization and action potential propagation.		
DB09346	Metrizoic acid	approved	Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium. It present a higher risk of allergic reactions due to its high osmolality. Its approval has been discontinued by the FDA.  One study in 1976 demonstrated that metrizoic acid, when used for cardiac angiography, was well tolerated.  A total of 10, 000 injections were administered to 2,028 patients undergoing angiocardiographic procedures over a three-year period. With two exceptions, all complications occurred during injection of the right coronary artery. Seven cases of ventricular fibrillation, and 5 of significant bradycardia/asystole, were associated with metrizoic acid injection.  In general, the drug was well tolerated by patients during cardiac examinations [A32901].		
DB09347	Acetrizoic acid	withdrawn	Acetrizoic acid presents the molecular formula of 3-acetamidol-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid[L1702] and it is the first monomeric ionic compound used as an X-ray contrast agent.[A32135] It was first synthesized by Wallingford in 1953[A32136] and it was filled in the FDA by the Johnson & Johnson subsidiary, Cilag Chemie AG, on February 8th, 1978.[L1704] Acetrizoic acid presents, in the FDA records, a category of drug substance with an inactive status.[L1703]		
DB09348	Propiolactone	approved,withdrawn	Propiolactone is a lactone compound with a four-membered ring. It is a colorless liquid with a pungent slightly sweet odor. Propiolactone is a disinfectant used for the sterilization of blood plasma, vaccines, tissue grafts, surgical instruments, and enzymes. It has been used against bacteria, fungi, and virus.[A32144] It is currently FDA approved for its use as an indirect additive used in food contact substances. Propiolactone was first commercially available in the United States in 1958.[A32144]		
DB09349	Gastric intrinsic factor	approved,experimental	Intrinsic factor (IF), also known as gastric intrinsic factor (GIF), is a glycoprotein produced by the parietal cells of the stomach that is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B12 (cobalamin) later on in the small intestine. When vitamin B12 is provided in combination with intrinsic factor, intrinsic factor reduces protease degradation and increases absorption of Vitamin B12.Intrinsic factor is not currently available in any FDA or Health Canada approved products. However, it is currently in the marketed (but unapproved) product Hematogen in combination with cyanocobalamin (synthetic Vitamin B12), ferrous  fumarate, and ascorbic acid for the treatment of anemias responsive to oral iron therapy.		
DB09350	Piperonyl butoxide	approved,vet_approved	Piperonyl butoxide (PBO) is an organic compound used as a component of pesticide formulations. It is used for the treatment of head, pubic (crab), and body lice. Piperonyl butoxide is a synergist. It has no pesticidal activity of its own, but acts to increase the activity of pesticides such as carbamates, pyrethrins, pyrethroids, and rotenone.  Piperonyl butoxide is a semisynthetic derivative of safrole.		
DB09351	Levobetaxolol	approved,investigational	Levobetaxolol is a beta-blocker used to lower the pressure in the eye to treat conditions such as glaucoma. It was marketed as a 0.5% ophthalmic solution of levobetaxolol hydrochloride under the trade name Betaxon but has been discontinued.		
DB09352	Hydroxyamphetamine	approved	Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test.  Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.		
DB09353	Octasulfur	approved	Sulfur is a chemical element that is present in all living tissues. The most commonly used form of pharmaceutical sulfur is Octasulfur (S8). After calcium and phosphorus, it is the third most abundant mineral in the human body. Sulfur is also found in garlic, onions and broccoli.People take sulfur by mouth for shortness of breath, allergies, swelling in the back of the throat (pharyngitis), high cholesterol, clogged arteries, menopause, and upper respiratory tract infections like the common cold. Sulfur seems to have an antibacterial activity. It has been also used for acne.		
DB09355	Sulfabenzamide	approved	Sulfabenzamide is an antimicrobial agent often used in conjunction with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide  as a topical intravaginal antibacterial preparation.		
DB09357	Dexpanthenol	approved	Dexpanthenol is an alcohol derivative of pantothenic acid, a component of the B complex vitamins and an essential component of a normally functioning epithelium. Dexpanthenol is enzymatically cleaved to form pantothenic acid, which is an essential component of Coenzyme A, which acts as a cofactor in many enzymatic reactions that are important for protein metabolism in the epithelium[A32373]. Due to its good penetration and high local concentrations, dexpanthanol is used in many topical products, such as ointments and lotions for treatment of dermatological conditions to relieve itching or promote healing. Dermatological effects of the topical use of dexpanthenol include increased fibroblast proliferation and accelerated re-epithelialization in wound healing. Furthermore, it acts as a topical protectant, moisturizer, and has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties [A32377].Dexpanthenol is also available as a racemic mixture containing both the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) and the levorotatory form (levopanthenol) as [DB11204]. While pantothenic acid is optically active, only the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) is biologically active.		
DB09363	Rauwolfia serpentina root	investigational	Rauwolfia (Rauwolfia serpentina), also spelled _ravolphia_, is a medicinal plant in the milkweed family. The root of the plant is ground into a powder or sold in tablets or capsules. It is a compound commonly used in Asian medicine, which includes traditional Ayurvedic medicine native to India. The active ingredients in this drug are alkaloids and about 50 have been identified through various studies, although the primary psychoactive components appear to be reserpine, rescinnamine, and deserpidine [L1618].This product was approved prior to Jan 1, 1982, but since, has been discontinued due to its propensity for leading to depression [L1616, L1630].  Reserpine is derived from Rauwolfia serpentina, and was commonly used as an antihypertensive agent in the 1950s [L1621].  Rauwolfia serpentina is also commonly referred to as _Sarpaghanda_ [A32097]. Interestingly, the hairy root component of this plant has shown a remarkable capacity to regenerate into complete Rauwolfia plants and shows survival and unaltered biosynthetic potential during storage at decreased temperatures.   For this reason, various studies into biotechnological applications of this plant have been performed. Multiple studies have been done on their biosynthetic potential and numerous biotechnological methods used to study the production of pharmaceutically important alkaloids [A32095, A32096].		
DB09364	Procaine merethoxylline	approved			
DB09366	Propyliodone	approved	Radiopaque medium usually in oil; used in bronchography.		
DB09369	Polyestradiol phosphate	approved	Polymeric phosphoric acid ester of estradiol.		
DB09370	Sodium phosphate P 32	approved			
DB09371	Norethynodrel	approved	A synthetic progestational hormone with actions and uses similar to those of PROGESTERONE. It has been used in the treatment of functional uterine bleeding and endometriosis. As a contraceptive, it has usually been administered in combination with MESTRANOL.		
DB09372	Tannic acid	approved	Tannic acid is a polyphenolic compound. It is a type of the commercially available tannins. It acts as a weak acid. Tannic acid is found in the nutgalls formed by insects on twigs of certain oak trees (Quercus infectoria and other Quercus species). It is removed and used as medicine. In the old days it was used as antidote against different poisons. Nowadays, tannic acid is applied topically for the treatment of cold sores, diaper rash, fever blisters and poison ivy. Tannic acid is also taken by mouth and applied directly for bleeding, chronic diarrhea, dysentery, bloody urine, painful joints, persistent coughs, and cancer.		
DB09373	Trolamine polypeptide oleate condensate	approved,vet_approved	Various ear diseases and infections are treated with eardrops containing triethanolamine polypeptide oleate-condensate, such as Cerumenex in the United States and Canada.		
DB09374	Indocyanine green acid form	approved,investigational	Indocyanine Green is a water soluble, tricarbocyanine dye with a peak spectral absorption at 800 nm. The chemical name for Indocyanine Green is 1 H-Benz[e]indolium, 2-[7-[1,3-dihydro-1,1-dimethyl-3-(4-sulfobutyl)-2H-benz[e] indol-2-ylidene]-1,3,5-heptatrienyl]-1,1-dimethyl-3-(4-sulfobutyl)-,hydroxide, inner salt, sodium salt. Indocyanine Green for Injection USP has a pH of approximately 6.5 when reconstituted. Each vial of Indocyanine Green for Injection USP contains 25 mg of Indocyanine Green as a sterile lyophilized powder with no more than 5% sodium iodide.		
DB09375	Chymotrypsin	approved,vet_approved	Chymotrypsin (EC 3.4.21.1) is a digestive enzyme that promotes proteolysis, or the breakdown of proteins and polypeptides. It is a serine protease synthesized in the pancreas and is a vital component in the pancreatic juice. Like most proteolytic enzymes, chymotrypsin is activated from its inactive zymogen precursor, chymotrypsinogen, in presence of [DB11237]. Chymotrypsin is the most abundant pancreatic proteases that represent up to 10-20% of the total protein synthesized by the exocrine pancreas [A32637]. Chymotrypsin contains both the catalytic triad and oxyanion hole, and the tertiary structure of chymotrypsin is similar to [DB11237] [A32642].		
DB09376	Lapyrium	approved	Lapyrium is a quaternary ammonium cation used as a surfactant, antistatic agent, and biocide in various cosmetic products [A19426]. It is commonly found formulated as lapyrium chloride.		
DB09377	Undecoylium chloride iodine complex	approved			
DB09378	Fluprednisolone	approved	A synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory properties.		
DB09379	Sutilain	approved,withdrawn	Sutilain is a member of the keratase family which includes agents such as papain. It is able to dissolve the intercellular matrix which helps with desquamation. Sutilain contains proteolytic enzymes derived from _Bacillus subtilis_ and it is available as a cream-colored odorless powder. One gram of sutilain powder contains 250,000 casein units of proteolytic activity.[T169] Sutilain was developed by Abbott and FDA approved on June 12, 1969. It is currently discontinued.[L2368]		
DB09380	Sodium chromate Cr-51	approved			
DB09381	Esterified estrogens	approved	Esterified estrogens contain a mixture of estrogenic substances; the principle component is estrone. Preparations contain 75% to 85% sodium estrone sulfate and 6% to 15% sodium equilin sulfate such that the total is not <90%. Esterified estrogens are a man-made mixture of estrogens that are used to treat symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness, vaginal burning or irritation, or other hormonal changes in the vagina. It is being also for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.		
DB09382	Iodohippurate sodium I-131	approved			
DB09383	Meprednisone	approved,investigational			
DB09385	Cyanocobalamin Co-57	approved			
DB09389	Norgestrel	approved	Norgestrel is synthetic steroidal progestin that is used in combination with ethinyl estradiol for oral contraception. Norgestrel is composed of a racemic mixture of two stereoisomers, dextronorgestrel and levonorgestrel.  However, only the levorotary enantiomer ([levonorgestrel]) is biologically active.		
DB09393	Amino acids	investigational	Mixture of amino acids ; used for parenteral nutrition in infants.		
DB09394	Phosphoric acid	approved	Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.		
DB09395	Sodium acetate	approved,investigational	Sodium Acetate is chemically designated CH3COONa, a hygroscopic powder very soluble in water. Sodium acetate could be used as additives in food, industry, concrete manufacture, heating pads and in buffer solutions. Medically, sodium acetate is important component as an electrolyte replenisher when given intravenously. It is mainly indicated to correct sodium levels in hyponatremic patients. It can be used also in metabolic acidosis and for urine alkalinization.		
DB09397	Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid	approved,investigational	Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux.  Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).		
DB09398	Fluoride ion F-18	approved	Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.		
DB09400	Selenomethionine Se-75	approved			
DB09401	Isosorbide	approved,investigational	Isosorbide is an organic nitrate with vasodilatory properties on both arteries and veins.		
DB09403	Iocetamic acid	approved	Iocetamic acid is a diagnostic aid (radiopaque medium)		
DB09407	Magnesium chloride	approved	Magnesium chloride salts are highly soluble in water and the hydrated form of magnesium chloride can be extracted from brine or sea water.		
DB09409	Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate	approved	Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is a hydrated form of anhydrous magnesium acetate salt with the chemical formula of Mg(CH3COO)2 • 4H2O. As a salt form of magnesium, magnesium acetate is one of the bioavailable forms of magnesium and forms a very water soluble compound. Magnesium is an essential element and second most abundant cation in the body that plays a key role in maintaining normal cellular function such as production of ATP and efficient enzyme activity. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate can be used as an electrolyte supplementation or a reagent in molecular biology experiments.		
DB09413	Monopotassium phosphate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Monopotassium phosphate, MKP, (also potassium dihydrogenphosphate, KDP, or monobasic potassium phosphate), KH2PO4, is a soluble salt of potassium and the dihydrogen phosphate ion.  It is a source of phosphorus and potassium as well as a buffering agent. It can be used in fertilizer mixtures to reduce escape of ammonia by keeping pH low.		
DB09414	Dipotassium phosphate	approved	Dipotassium phosphate (K2HPO4) is a highly water-soluble salt often used as a fertilizer and food additive as a source of phosphorus and potassium as well as a buffering agent.		
DB09415	Meglumine	approved			
DB09418	Potassium perchlorate	approved,investigational	Potassium perchlorate is an inorganic salt with the chemical formula KClO4. It is a strong oxidizer with the lowest solubility of the alkali metal perchlorates. Potassium is most commonly used in flares and automobile airbags [A32609]. The use of potassium perchlorate as a component in sealing gaskets for food containers has been revoked by the FDA following the use being abandoned by the industry [L2365]. Potassium perchlorate acts as a competitive inhibitor of iodine uptake by the thyroid gland and attenuates the production of the thyroid hormone. Thus the use of potassium perchlorate has been extensive for hyperthyroidism during the last 50 years, particularly in the late 1950s and early 1960s [A32609]. The therapeutic use of potassium perchlorate in thyroid disorders has been ceased due to a high risk for developing aplastic anemia and nephrotic syndrome [L2364].		
DB09419	Xylose	approved	Xylose is a monosaccharide of the aldopentose type consisted of five carbon atoms and an aldehyde functional group. Xylose is a sugar isolated from wood. D-Xylose is a sugar widely used as a diabetic sweetener in food and beverage. Xylose has also been used as a diagnostic agent to observe malabsorption. Reduction of xylose by catalytic hydrogenation produces the common food additive sweetener substitute xylitol [DB11195].The dextrorotary form of xylose, D-xylose, refers usually to the endogenously occurring form of the sugar in living things. The levorotary form, L-xylose, can refer to the form that is synthesized. Nevertheless, xylose by itself may not necessarily serve many purposes immediately - but its metabolism results in a variety of substrates that can serve important nutritional and biological purposes.		
DB09420	Iodide I-123	approved	Iodide I-123 (as sodium Iodide I-123) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, I-123 is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive I-123 in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131.		
DB09421	Protirelin	approved,investigational	Protirelin is the pharmaceutically available synthetic analogue of the endogenous peptide thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH). It is a tri-peptide tropic hormone, released by the hypothalamus, that stimulates the release of Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) and prolactin from the anterior pituitary.  Although not currently available in any FDA-approved product, protirelin is a component of the TRH Test where it is used to test the response of the anterior pituitary gland in conditions such as secondary hypothyroidism and acromegaly.		
DB09422	Soybean oil	approved	Derived from soybeans, soybean oil is a common vegetable oil and a source of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids. It is a complex mixture of triglycerides where per 100 g, soybean oil has 16 g of saturated fat, 23 g of monounsaturated fat, and 58 g of polyunsaturated fat. The major component fatty acids are linoleic (48% - 58%), oleic (17% - 30%), palmitic (9% -13%), linolenic (4% - 11%), and stearic (2.5% - 5.0%). It is used as a cooking oil and lipid emulsion for parenteral nutrition in clinical settings. Soybean oil-based lipid emulsion is the only FDA-approved lipid formulation for clinical use.		
DB09423	Technetium Tc-99m polyphosphate	approved			
DB09425	Indium In-111 pentetate	approved	Indium In-111 pentetate disodium is a radioactive diagnostic indicated for use in radionuclide cisternography. Decay of In-111 by electron capture allows for detection with a gamma camera for visualization of the brain and spinal column.		
DB09429	Albumin iodinated I-125 serum	approved	I-125 iodinated albumin is a radiolabeled albumin-based diagnostic agent used in the determination of total blood and plasma volume.[L12780]		
DB09430	Albumin iodinated I-131 serum	approved	Iodinated I-131 serum albumin is a radiopharmaceutical agent used for several diagnostic purposes, including the determination of body fluid volumes and the imaging of certain tissues.[L12783]		
DB09443	Krypton Kr 81m	approved			
DB09446	Safflower oil	approved,investigational	Safflower (_Carthamus tinctorius_ L) is a herbaceous plant in the Asteraceae family. Extracted from the seeds of safflowers, safflower oil is a rich source of various saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acid (oleic acid) or essential n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) linoleic acid [A32677, A32679], depending on the flower type. Safflower oil with a higher content of polyunsaturated fatty acids is more commonly used as an edible oil. The constituents of safflower oil also include alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol, and mixed [DB11251] [A32692].  Safflower oil is approved for use as an indirect additive in food contact substances and is readily available as a food ingredient. Gamma linolenic acid (GLA) safflower oil is marketed as an over-the-counter dietary supplement.		
DB09447	Technetium Tc-99m albumin colloid	approved,experimental			
DB09448	Iodohippurate sodium I-123	approved			
DB09449	Sodium phosphate, monobasic	approved	Sodium phosphate is a saline laxative that is thought to work by increasing fluid in the small intestine. It usually results in a bowel movement after 30 minutes to 6 hours.		
DB09456	Insulin beef	approved	Insulin beef has been discontinued in the US and Canada since 2017.[L10827]		
DB09459	L-tartaric acid	experimental	Tartaric acid is a white crystalline organic acid that occurs naturally in many plants, most notably in grapes.Tartaric is an alpha-hydroxy-carboxylic acid, is diprotic and aldaric in acid characteristics, and is a dihydroxyl derivative of succinic acid.		
DB09460	Sodium carbonate	approved	Sodium Carbonate is the disodium salt of carbonic acid with alkalinizing property. When dissolved in water, sodium carbonate forms carbonic acid and sodium hydroxide. As a strong base, sodium hydroxide neutralizes gastric acid thereby acting as an antacid.		
DB09461	Xenon Xe-127	approved			
DB09462	Glycerin	approved,investigational	A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.		
DB09472	Sodium sulfate	approved,vet_approved	Sodium Sulfate Anhydrous is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of sulfuric acid. Sodium sulfate anhydrous disassociates in water to provide sodium ions and sulfate ions. Sodium ion is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in the therapy of fluid and electrolyte disturbances. Sodium sulfate anhydrous is an electrolyte replenisher and is used in isosmotic solutions so that administration does not disturb normal electrolyte balance and does not lead to absorption or excretion of water and ions.		
DB09473	Indium In-111 oxyquinoline	approved	Indium In 111 oxyquinoline (oxine) is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical intended for radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes.  It is composed of a 3:1 saturated complex of In-111 isotope and oxyquinoline. Indium-111 decays by isomeric transition and electron capture to cadmium-111, emitting a gamma ray that can be detected with a gamma ray camera. It is therefore useful in nuclear medicine, and is used in the labeling of leukocytes for localization of processes to which leukocytes migrate, such as those associated with abscesses or other infections. The degree of accuracy may vary with labeling techniques and with the size, location and nature of the inflammatory process.Following intravenous administration, the lipid-soluble complex is able to penetrate platelet cell membranes. Once inside, Indium detaches from the oxyquinoline complexes and becomes attached to cytoplasmic components.		
DB09477	Enalaprilat	approved	Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, [enalapril]. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.		
DB09479	Rubidium Rb-82	approved,investigational	Rubidium chloride Rb-82 injection  is a sterile nonpyrogenic solutions of rubidium Rb 82 chloride. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.		
DB09480	Iofetamine I-123	approved			
DB09481	Magnesium carbonate	approved,investigational	Magnesium carbonate, also known as magnesite, is a common over the counter remedy for heartburn and upset stomach caused by overproduction of acid in the stomach [FDA Label].		
DB09483	Potassium lactate	approved			
DB09484	Sodium fluorophosphate	approved	Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities.		
DB09487	Iotrolan	approved	Nonionic, isotonic contrast medium designed for intrathecal use.		
DB09488	Acrivastine	approved	Acrivastine is a triprolidine analog antihistamine indicated for the treatment of allergies and hay fever.  As an H1 receptor antagonist, it functions by blocking the action of histamine at this receptor thereby preventing the symptoms associated with histamine release such as pruritis, vasodilation, hypotension, edema, bronchoconstriction, and tachycardia. Acrivastine is currently available in combination with pseudoephedrine as the FDA-approved product Semprex-D.	Acrivastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB09490	Indium In-111 chloride	approved	Indium In-111 Chloride is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical agent intended for radiolabeling OncoScint (satumomab pendetide) or ProstaScint (capromab pendetide) used for _in vivo_ diagnostic imaging procedures and for radiolabeling Zevalin (ibritumomab tiuxetan) in preparations used for radioimmunotherapy procedures. It  is supplied as a sterile, pyrogen-free solution of Indium ("'In) Chloride in O.04M HCI.		
DB09493	Technetium Tc-99m red blood cells	approved	Technetium Tc-99m red blood cells is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent that is intravenously administered to be used in blood pool imaging, including cardiac first pass and gated equilibrium imaging and for detection of sites of gastrointestinal bleeding. It is clinically useful in early detection and localization of bleeding sites, and preoperative diagnosis of hemangioma [A32178, A32179]. Autologous red blood cells are radiolabeled with sodium pertechnetate Tc 99m in the reaction vial. Radiolabeled red blood cells are re-injected intravenously into the patient for gamma scintigraphic imaging [FDA Label]. It is suggested that _in vitro_ labelling improves the heart-to-background ratio during imaging [A32181].		
DB09494	Cetyl alcohol	approved	Cetyl alcohol, also known as 1-hexadecanol or n-hexadecyl alcohol, is a 16-C fatty alcohol with the chemical formula CH3(CH2)15OH. It can be produced from the reduction of palmitic acid. Cetyl alcohol is present in a waxy white powder or flake form at room temperature, and is insoluble in water and soluble in alcohols and oils [A32209]. Discovered by Chevrenl in 1913, cetyl alcohol is one of the oldest known long-chain alcohol [A32209]. It may be contained in cosmetic and personal care products such as shampoos, creams and lotions. Mainly it is used as an opacifier, emulsifier, and thickening agent that alter the thickness of the liquid, and increase and stabilize the foaming capacity. Due to its water-binding property, cetyl alcohol is commonly used as an emollient that prevents drying and chapping of the skin [A32209]. According to the FDA Code of Federal Regulations, cetyl alcohol is a safe synthetic fatty acid in food and in the synthesis of food components under the condition that it contain not less than 98 percent of total alcohols and not less than 94 percent of straight chain alcohols [L1824]. Cetyl alcohol is also listed in the OTC ingredient list as a skin protectant for skin irritations caused by poison ivy, oak, sumac, and insect bites or stings [L1074]. Cetyl alcohol is reported to be a mild skin or eye irritant.		
DB09495	Avobenzone	approved,investigational	Avobenzone is dibenzoyl methane derivative. It is oil soluble ingredient. Avobenzone has the ability to absorb ultraviolet light over wider range of wavelengths. It is included in many commercially available sunscreens which are used as wide spectrum sunscreens. Avobenzone is very sensitive to light, to increase its stability and duration of action, photostablizers are added in the sunscreen product. Avobenzone has an absorption maximum of 357 nm. Sunscreens containing avobenzone is indicated for providing protection from the sun. In addition to limiting the skin's exposure to the sun, using sunscreen agents may help reduce long-term sun damage such as premature aging of the skin and skin cancer.		
DB09496	Octinoxate	approved,investigational	Octinoxate is a cinnamate ester and common ingredient in sunscreen and other skin care products to minimize DNA photodamage. It was originally developed in 1950's as an organic UV-B filter that absorbs UV-B rays from sun. It is often combined with nanoparticles or other water-resistant liposomes in formulations to increase the localization at the epidermis and decrease the risk of percutaneous absorption. Its use in pharmaceutical and cosmetic formulations is approved by FDA.		
DB09498	Strontium chloride Sr-89	approved,investigational	Strontium chloride (Sr-89), initially FDA-approved in 1993, is used as a paliative therapeutic option to help relieve the pain from bone metastases. Strontium chloride is mainly used in cases of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.[A31264] Bone metastases is a common and severe complication presented in advanced stages of the disease. It is usually presented mainly in patients with prostatic and breast cancer, as well as in cancer of lung, bladder and thyroid. There has been some cases of apparent tumor regression which has given it a potential tumoricidal effect.[A31263]		
DB09499	Thiosulfuric acid	approved,investigational	Thiosulfuric acid (as sodium thiosulfate) has the chemical name thiosulfuric acid, disodium salt, pentahydrate. The chemical formula is Na2S2O3•5H2O and the molecular weight is 248.17. Sodium Thiosulfate Injection is a cyanide antidote which contains one 50 mL glass vial containing a 25% solution of Sodium Thiosulfate Injection.It has been indicated as antidote for cyanide poisoning. It is also used as adjunct agent for patients taking cisplatin chemotherapy. Beside the above indications, sodium thiosulfate could be used as ingredient in the following: agricultural chemicals (non-pesticidal), fillers, intermediates, laboratory chemicals, oxidizing/reducing agents, process regulators, processing aids, and solids separation agents.		
DB09501	Ferric ammonium citrate	approved,experimental			
DB09502	Fludeoxyglucose (18F)	approved,investigational	Fludeoxyglucose F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical containing no-carrier added radioactive 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-D-g1ucose, which is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with Positron Emission Tomography (PET). It is administered by intravenous injection.		
DB09507	Ferumoxsil	approved,experimental			
DB09508	Ferumoxides	approved			
DB09510	Urea C-13	approved	Urea 13C is a urea molecule radiolabelled with the non-radioactive element carbon-13. It is currently used for the Urea Breath Test (UBT) and is available as a rapid diagnostic test (marketed as Pranactin-Citric) for the detection of Helicobacter pylori infections. H pylori is a common stomach bacteria that has been linked to a variety of upper gastrointestinal disorders such as gastritis, gastric and peptic ulcers, stomach cancer, and gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid-tissue (MALT) lymphoma. The UBT is indicated to confirm H. pylori infection and to monitor post-treatment for its eradication. Radiolabelled urea is available in two forms as 13C and 14C. Both forms can be used within the Urea Breath Test, however some may prefer 13C as it is non-radioactive compared to 14C, which may be preferable in pregnant women and children.The Urea Breath Test is based on the ability of the H. pylori enzyme urease to cleave urea into ammonia and carbon dioxide. As the urease enzyme is not present in mammalian cells, the presence of urease (and the products of urea cleavage) in the stomach is evidence that H. pylori bacteria are present.  To detect H. pylori, urea labeled with 13C is swallowed by the patient. If gastric urease from H. pylori is present, urea is split to form CO2 and NH3 at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen and 13CO2 is absorbed into the blood and exhaled in the breath. Exhaled breath samples can then be collected and measured for the presence of radioactivity.		
DB09511	Talc	approved	Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.		
DB09512	Simethicone	approved	Simethicone is an orally administered antifoaming agent. It is mainly used to reduce gas from the gastrointestinal tract  (GIT) in patients complaining from recurrent flatulence. Simethicone is a mixture of polydimethylsiloxane and hydrated silica gel. It exerts its action locally in the GIT, it is not absorbed into the blood stream. The main side effects of simethicone are GIT related including: mild diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.		
DB09513	Urea C-14	approved	Urea 14C is a urea molecule radiolabelled with a radioactive carbon-14. It is currently used for the Urea Breath Test (UBT) and is available as a rapid diagnostic test (marketed as PyTest) for the detection of Helicobacter pylori infections. H pylori is a common stomach bacteria that has been linked to a variety of upper gastrointestinal disorders such as gastritis, gastric and peptic ulcers, stomach cancer, and gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid-tissue (MALT) lymphoma. The UBT is indicated to confirm H. pylori infection and to monitor post-treatment for its eradication. Radiolabelled urea is available in two forms as 13C and 14C. Both forms can be used within the Urea Breath Test, however some may prefer 13C as it is non-radioactive compared to 14C, which may be preferable in pregnant women and children.The Urea Breath Test is based on the ability of the H. pylori enzyme urease to cleave urea into ammonia and carbon dioxide. As the urease enzyme is not present in mammalian cells, the presence of urease (and the products of urea cleavage) in the stomach is evidence that H. pylori bacteria are present.  To detect H. pylori, urea labeled with 14C is swallowed by the patient. If gastric urease from H. pylori is present, urea is split to form CO2 and NH3 at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen and 14CO2 is absorbed into the blood and exhaled in the breath. Exhaled breath samples can then be collected and measured for the presence of radioactivity.		
DB09516	Mequinol	approved	Mequinol is a phenol used in various applications. It is used as an inhibitor for acrylic monomers and acrylonitirles, as a stabilizer for chlorinated hydrocarbons and ethyl cellulose, as an ultraviolet inhibitor, as a chemical intermediate in the manufacture of antioxidants, pharmaceuticals, plasticizers, and dyestuffs [L993]. It is found as an active ingredient in topical drugs used for skin depigmentation indicated for the treatment of solar lentigines.		
DB09517	Sodium ferric gluconate complex	approved	Sodium ferric gluconate complex is an iron replacement product for treatment of iron deficiency anemia. The stable macromolecular complex is negatively charged at alkaline pH with an apparent molecular weight of 289,000 – 440,000 daltons on gel chromatography. It is composed of iron (III) oxide hydrate directly bonded to sucrose with a chelating gluconate function in a molar ratio of two iron molecules to one gluconate. It is used in adult and in pediatric patients over the age of 6 years with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.		
DB09526	Hydroquinone	approved,investigational	Hydroquinone is a topical lightening product found in  OTC products, and is used to correct skin discoloration associated with disorders of hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmention, sunspots, and freckles. It can be used alone, but is more frequently found in combination with other agents such as alpha-hydroxy acids, corticosteroids, retinoids, or sunscreen.  Hydroquinone has come under scrutiny due to several complications associated with its use, including dermal irritation, exogenous onchronosis, and carginogenicity. As a result of these concerns, hydroquinone has been banned in the EU and UK.		
DB09527	Secretin porcine	approved	Secretin porcine stimulates pancreatic and gastric secretions to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and the diagnosis of gastrinoma.		
DB09531	Perflexane	approved			
DB09532	Secretin human	approved	Human secretin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone that regulates secretions in the stomach, pancreas, and liver. The hormone is produced from the enterochromaffin cells in the duodenum in response to the duodenal content with the pH less than 4.5 [L1875]. The main action of secretin is to stimulate the pancreas to secrete pancreatic juice for pH regulation in the small intestines. Secretin is also responsible in body fluid homeostasis [A32276] and bile production. Although it is a gastrointestinal hormone, secretin is also considered as a neuropeptide hormone since it is also expressed in the central nervous system [A32275].Purified synthetic human secretin, also referred to as RG1068, is available as an intravenous injection under the market name ChiRhoStim ® in the U.S.. It contains an amino acid sequence identical to the naturally occurring hormone consisting of 27 amino acids [FDA Label] that supports α-helical formation [A32275].  The carboxyl-terminal amino acid, valine, is amidated. Synthetic human secretin displays equivalent biological activity and properties as naturally-occurring secretin [A32265]. It is indicated for the stimulation of the pancreatic and gastric secretions to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and the diagnosis of gastrinoma, and facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).		
DB09534	Ecamsule	approved	Ecamsule is an organic compound which is added to many sunscreens to filter out UVA rays. It is a benzylidene camphor derivative, many of which are known for their excellent photostability. Ecamsule has been approved for use in the U.S. since 2006, but only at a specific concentration and only in a few products manufactured by L'Oreal. The company got approval for those products through a new drug application process.		
DB09535	Octocrylene	approved,investigational	Octocrylene is an organic compound used as an ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetics.		
DB09536	Titanium dioxide	approved	Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium. It is used as a pigment under the names titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. It is typically extracted from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.		
DB09537	Iodine povacrylex	approved	Iodine povacrylex (DuraPrep) is a surgical solution, film-forming iodophor complex that provides fast acting, persistent, broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. DuraPrep solution is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteriathat can potentially cause skin infection.It is a broad spectrum antiseptic and can provide almost 99.9%  antiseptic conditions. It is intended for local use only. Prolonged skin exposure could cause skin defatting manifested by the following signs/symptoms; localized redness, itching, drying and cracking of skin.		
DB09539	Omega-3-acid ethyl esters	approved,investigational	Omega-3-acid ethyl esters are prescription drugs that contain eicosapentaenoic acid-ethyl ester (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid-ethyl ester (DHA) that are used in combination with changes in diet to lower triglyceride levels in adults with severe (≥ 500 mg/dL) hypertriglyceridemia[FDA Label][A176687]. Omega-3-acid ethyl esters are currently marketed in the US, EU, and many other regions under the brand name Lovaza[FDA Label][L5849].		
DB09543	Methyl salicylate	approved,vet_approved	Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. The compound was first extracted and isolated from plant species Gaultheria procumbens in 1843. It can be manufactured synthetically and it used as a fragrance, in foods, beverages, and liniments. It forms a colorless to yellow or reddish liquid and exhibits a characteristic odor and taste of wintergreen. For acute joint and muscular pain, methyl salicylate is used as a rubefacient and analgesic in deep heating liniments. It is used as a flavoring agent in chewing gums and mints in small concentrations and added as antiseptic in mouthwash solutions.		
DB09546	Iobenguane sulfate I-123	approved,investigational	Iobenguane sulfate I-123 is a radiopharmaceutical used in gamma-scintigraphy of adrenergically inervated tissues [FDA Label].		
DB09551	Desoxyribonuclease	approved	Desoxyribonuclease is a crystalline enzyme that aids in the digestion of the thymus nucleic acid. The mechanism of action of the enzyme involves the splitting of thymus nucleic acid into fragments approaching the size of tetranucleotides without the release of free phosphoric acid. The enzyme's cofactor is reported to be magnesium (or manganese) ions, although the optimal concentration of the ion is independent of the enzyme concentration [A31251].		
DB09552	Thonzonium	approved	Thonzonium is a monocationic surface-active agent with surfactant and detergent properties. It is widely used as an additive to in ear and nasal drops to enhance dispersion and penetration of cellular debris and exudate, thereby promoting tissue contact of the administered medication. A common pharmaceutical formulation of thonzonium bromide is cortisporin-TC ear drops. It is also reported that thonzonium also confers an antifungal property and antiresorptive effect on bone.		
DB09555	Dexchlorpheniramine maleate	approved	Dexchlorpheniramine is the S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine which is a 1st generation anti-histamine. Dexchlorpheniramine has more pharmacological activity than the R and so is more potent than the racemic mixture.		
DB09559	Necitumumab	approved,investigational	Necitumumab is an intravenously administered recombinant monoclonal IgG1 antibody used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as an EGFR antagonist. It functions by binding to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and prevents binding of its ligands, a process that is involved in cell proliferation, metastasis, angiogenesis, and malignant progression. Binding of necitumumab to EGFR induces receptor internalization and degradation, thereby preventing further activation of EGFR which is beneficial in NSCLC as many patients have increased protein expression of EGFR. Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).		
DB09561	Sodium glycerophosphate	approved	Sodium glycerophosphate is one of several glycerophosphate salts. It is used clinically to treat or prevent low phosphate levels [FDA Label]. Glycerophosphate is hydrolyzed to inorganic phosphate and glycerol in the body [A32667]. The extent of this reaction is dependent on the activity of serum alkaline phosphatases.		
DB09563	Choline C-11	approved	Choline C 11 Injection is a radioactive diagnostic agent for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of pat ients with suspected prostate cancer recurrence and non-informative bone scintigraphy, computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging.		
DB09564	Insulin degludec	approved	Insulin degludec is an ultra-long-acting form of insulin used for the treatment of hyperglycemia caused by Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes. Insulin is typically prescribed for the management of diabetes mellitus to mimic the activity of endogenously produced human insulin, a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreas that promotes glucose metabolism. Insulin is released from the pancreas following a meal to promote the uptake of glucose from the blood into internal organs and tissues such as the liver, fat cells, and skeletal muscle. Absorption of glucose into cells allows for its transformation into glycogen or fat for storage. Insulin also inhibits hepatic glucose production, enhances protein synthesis, and inhibits lipolysis and proteolysis among many other functions.Insulin is an important treatment in the management of Type 1 Diabetes (T1D) which is caused by an autoimmune reaction that destroys the beta cells of the pancreas, resulting in the body not being able to produce or synthesize the insulin needed to manage circulating blood sugar levels. As a result, people with T1D rely primarily on exogenous forms of insulin, such as insulin degludec, to lower glucose levels in the blood. Insulin is also used in the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), another form of diabetes mellitus that is a slowly progressing metabolic disorder caused by a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors that promote chronically elevated blood sugar levels. Without treatment or improvement in non-pharmacological measures such as diet and exercise to lower blood glucose, high blood sugar eventually causes cellular resistance to endogenous insulin, and in the long term, damage to pancreatic islet cells. Insulin is typically prescribed later in the course of T2D, after several oral medications such as [DB00331], [DB01120], or [DB01261] have been tried, when sufficient damage has been caused to pancreatic cells that the body is no longer able to produce insulin on its own. Marketed as the brand name product Tresiba, insulin degludec has a duration of action up to 42 hours allowing for once-daily dosing, typically at bedtime. Due to its duration of action, Tresiba is considered "basal insulin" as it provides low concentrations of background insulin that can keep blood sugar stable between meals or overnight. Basal insulin is often combined with short-acting "bolus insulin" such as [DB00046], [DB01309], or [DB01306] to provide higher doses of insulin required following meals. Use of basal and bolus insulin together is intended to mimic the pancreas' production of endogenous insulin, with a goal of avoiding any periods of hypoglycemia.Compared to endogenous insulin, insulin degludec has an added hexadecanedioic acid on lysine at the B29 position which allows for the formation of multi-hexamers. When injected subcutaneously, these multi-hexamers form a drug depot store from which monomers are slowly and continuously absorbed into the circulation. As a result, Insulin Degludec has a protracted time action profile due to the delayed absorption from subcutaneous tissue depots into the systemic circulation. Compared to available long-acting analogues such as [DB00047] and [DB01307], which have a duration of action of 20-24 hours, insulin degludec provides a consistent level of basal insulin over 42 hours with a low peak:trough ratio. Limitations of shorter acting analogues include more frequent dosing and less stable pharmacokinetics, which may negatively impact patient adherence and glucose control, particularly nocturnal control.Without an adequate supply of insulin to promote absorption of glucose from the bloodstream, blood sugar levels can climb to dangerously high levels and can result in symptoms such as fatigue, headache, blurred vision, and increased thirst. If left untreated, the body starts to break down fat, instead of glucose, for energy which results in a build-up of ketone acids in the blood and a syndrome called ketoacidosis, which is a life-threatening medical emergency. In the long term, elevated blood sugar levels increase the risk of heart attack, stroke, and diabetic neuropathy.Insulin Degludec was approved by the FDA in September 2015 as the product Tresiba, for use in providing glycemic control to adults with diabetes mellitus.		
DB09567	Olive oil	approved	Oil extracted from olives [L857]. Consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids linoleic, oleic and palmitic. Used as a source of fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition and as an additive in some cosmetic products [FDA Label].		
DB09568	Omega-3-carboxylic acids	approved,investigational	The omega-3 carboxylic acid (OM3-CA) is a new formulation of omega-3 fatty acids that present an enhanced bioavailability in the treatment of dyslipidemia.  The increased bioavailability is explained because OM3-CA is found in a form of polyunsaturated free fatty acids as opposed to other products whose form is as ethyl esters. It is a complex mixture of the free fatty acids form containing eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid as the most abundant species found in a proportion of 55% and 20% respectively. The rest of the concentration is represented by docosapentaenoic acid and traces of some other components such as alpha-tocopherol, gelatin, glycerol, sorbitol and purified water.[A25808] It was developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals and firstly approved by the FDA on May 05, 2014.[L2386]		
DB09570	Ixazomib	approved,investigational	Ixazomib a second generation proteasome inhibitor (PI) and the first oral PI approved by the FDA in November 2015 for multiple myeloma treatment in combination with 2 other therapies (lenalidomide and dexamethasone) for patients who have received at least 1 prior therapy. It was found to have similar efficacy to bortezomib (the first PI approved for multiple myeloma therapy) in the control of myeloma growth and prevention of bone loss. Ixazomib citrate is marketed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Ninlaro, which is a prodrug that becomes quickly converted to its active metabolite, ixazomib, after administration.		
DB09571	Levmetamfetamine	approved	Levomethamphetamine, the L-enantiomer of methamphetamine is a sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor used in some over-the-counter (OTC) nasal decongestant inhalers in the United States.		
DB09876	Clostridium tetani	approved			
DB09877	Corynebacterium diphtheriae	approved,investigational	*Corynebacterium diphtheriae* toxin is extracted from the pathogenic actinobacterium *C. diphtheriae* that causes diphtheria. The bacteria culture is grown in a medium and through purification, diphtheria toxin is detoxified with formaldehyde and diafiltered. The vaccine is intramuscularly administered to provide active immunization against diphtheria in infants and children.		
DB10061	Meningococcal (groups A, C, Y and W-135) oligosaccharide diphtheria CRM197 conjugate vaccine	approved			
DB10062	Rabies virus inactivated antigen, B	approved	Inactivated rabies virus antigen B is a component of rabies vaccines used for pre- and post-exposure prophylaxis against rabies.[L12795]		
DB10076	Haemophilus influenzae type B strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is a vaccine for intramuscular injection used in the prevention of invasive disease caused by *Haemophilus influenzae* type b. *H. influenzae* is a Gram-negative coccobacillus that can cause infections including sepsis and meningitis. The vaccine contains the *Haemophilus influenzae* type b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate, PRP), a high-molecular-weight polymer prepared from the *H. influenzae* type b strain 1482 grown in a semi-synthetic medium, covalently bound to tetanus toxoid [L1007]. The toxoid antigen is purified and toxin-inactivated.		
DB10276	Rotavirus vaccine	approved	Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration.[L1117] Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains.[L1116] Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain.[Label] Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection.[L1117]		
DB10283	Rabies virus inactivated antigen, A	approved,investigational	Rabies virus inactivated antigen, A is an inactivated virus vacine for the intramuscular injection. It is an active immunization against rabies that can be administered pre- or post-exposure to the rabies virus.		
DB10284	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B recombinant LP2086 A05 protein variant antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B recombinant lp2086 a05 protein variant antigen is a sterile vaccine for intramuscular injection indicated for the active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup B. It is contained in the suspension of Trumenba, which is a vaccine is composed of two recombinant lipidated factor H binding protein (fHBP) variants from N. meningitidis serogroup B, one from fHBP subfamily A and one from subfamily B (A05 and B01, respectively).		
DB10285	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B recombinant LP2086 B01 protein variant antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b recombinant lp2086 b01 protein variant antigen is a sterile vaccine for intramuscular injection indicated for the active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup B. It is contained in the suspension of Trumenba, which is a vaccine is composed of two recombinant lipidated factor H binding protein (fHBP) variants from N. meningitidis serogroup B, one from fHBP subfamily A and one from subfamily B (A05 and B01, respectively).		
DB10286	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 4 individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10287	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6b capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6b capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 6b individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10288	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9v capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9v capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 9v individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10289	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 14 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 14 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 14 individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10290	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 18c capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 18c capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 18c individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10291	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 19f individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10292	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 23f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 23f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 23f individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197) . It is contained in the vaccine under the market name Prevnar that contains the saccharides for serotypes 4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F, and 23F for intramuscular injection. The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10293	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 1 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 1 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 1 individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10294	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 3 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 3 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 3 individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10295	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 5 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 5 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 5 individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10296	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6A capsular polysaccharide diphtheria CRM197 protein conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6A capsular polysaccharide diphtheria CRM197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 6a individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10297	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 7f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 7f capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 7f individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10298	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19a capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19a capsular polysaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a sterile vaccine that contains saccharides of the capsular antigens of *Streptococcus pneumoniae* serotype 19a individually conjugated to the CRM197 protein, a nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin isolated from cultures of *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* strain C7 (β197). The saccharides in the vaccine are prepared from purified polysaccharides that are chemically activated then conjugated to the protein carrier CRM197 to form the glycoconjugate.		
DB10299	Human papillomavirus type 6 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved,investigational	Human papillomavirus type 6 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil, or a recombinant Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent (Types 6, 11, 16, and 18) vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) types 6, 11, 16 and 18.The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Types 6, 11, 16, and 18, which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10300	Human papillomavirus type 11 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 11 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil, or a recombinant Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent (Types 6, 11, 16, and 18) vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) types 6, 11, 16 and 18.The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Types 6, 11, 16, and 18, which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10301	Human papillomavirus type 16 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved,investigational	Human papillomavirus type 16 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil, or a recombinant Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent (Types 6, 11, 16, and 18) vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) types 6, 11, 16 and 18.The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Types 6, 11, 16, and 18, which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10302	Human papillomavirus type 18 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved,investigational	Human papillomavirus type 18 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil, or a recombinant Human Papillomavirus Quadrivalent (Types 6, 11, 16, and 18) vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) types 6, 11, 16 and 18.The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Types 6, 11, 16, and 18, which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10310	Human papillomavirus type 31 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 31 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) type 31. The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Type 31 which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10311	Human papillomavirus type 33 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 33 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) type 33. The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Type 33 which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10312	Human papillomavirus type 45 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 45 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) type 45. The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Type 45 which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10313	Human papillomavirus type 52 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 52L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) type 52 The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Type 52 which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10314	Human papillomavirus type 58 L1 capsid protein antigen	approved	Human papillomavirus type 58 L1 capsid protein antigen is contained in Gardasil is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is an immunization for young men and women 9-26 years of age for the prevention of diseases caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) type 58. The vaccine is prepared from the purified virus-like particles (VLPs) of the major capsid (L1) protein of HPV Type 58 which are produced by separate fermentations in recombinant *Saccharomyces cerevisiae* and self-assembled into VLPs.		
DB10315	Measles virus vaccine live attenuated	approved,investigational	Measles virus vaccine live attenuated is a live virus vaccine for simultaneous vaccination against measles, which is a common childhood disease. The vaccine is prepared from the attenuated line of measles virus, derived from Enders' attenuated Edmonston strain and propagated in chick embryo cell culture.		
DB10316	Mumps virus strain B level jeryl lynn live antigen	approved,investigational	Mumps virus strain B level jeryl lynn live antigen is a live attenuated virus vaccine for subcutenous injection. It is an active immunization against mumps, which is a common childhood disease.		
DB10317	Rubella virus vaccine	approved,investigational	Rubella virus vaccine is a live attenuated virus vaccine for active immunization against rubella (German measles) that is subcutaneously administered. It is prepared from RA 27/3 strain of live attenuated rubella virus. Rubella is a common childhood disease, caused by rubella virus (togavirus).		
DB10318	Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Live/attenuated)	approved	Live attenuated zoster vaccine is available as two products: Zostavax for the prevention of shingles in immunocompetent people over the age of 50, and Varivax for the prevention of chickenpox in individuals 12 months of age and older. While the two vaccines contain the same immunological components and provide protection against the same virus, Zostavax contains a higher dose and is used in older adults to prevent the development of shingles and post-herpetic neuralgia. First approved in May 2006 by the Food and Drug Administration, Zostavax was the first vaccine available for the prevention of shingles. Since October 2017, however, it has been replaced as first line therapy by Shingrix ([DB13924]), a more effective and longer lasting vaccine[L1038]. Both Varivax and Zostavax are composed of a lyophilized preparation of live, attenuated Oka/Merck strain of varicella-zoster virus. Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV) is the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox (also known as Varicella) in childhood [L1040]. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash, known as shingles (or Herpes Zoster). Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [L1037]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [A31349]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Efficacy for prevention of shingles is highest in patients 60-69 years old and decreases with increasing age. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.		
DB10319	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 1 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 1 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 1 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10320	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 2 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 2 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 2 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10321	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 3 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 3 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 3 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10322	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 4 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10323	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 5 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 5 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 5 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10324	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6b capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 6b capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 6b of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10325	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 7f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 7f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 7f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10326	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 8 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 8 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 8 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10327	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9n capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9n capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 9n of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10328	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9v capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 9v capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 9v of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10329	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 10a capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 10a capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 10a of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10330	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 11a capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 11a capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 11a of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10331	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 12f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 12f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 12f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10332	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 14 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 14 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 14 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10333	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 15b capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 15b capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 15b of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10334	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 17f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 17f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 17f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10335	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 18c capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 18c capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 18c of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10336	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 19f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10337	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19a capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 19a capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 19a of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10338	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 20 capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 20 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 20 of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10339	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 22f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 22f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 22f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10340	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 23f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 23f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 23f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10341	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 33f capsular polysaccharide antigen	approved,investigational	Streptococcus pneumoniae type 33f capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 33f of *Streptococcus pneumoniae*. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.		
DB10342	Haemophilus influenzae type B capsular polysaccharide meningococcal outer membrane protein conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Haemophilus influenzae type b capsular polysaccharide meningococcal outer membrane protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine containing outer membrane antigen extracted from *Haemophilus influenzae*.		
DB10343	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen	approved	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen is a vaccine containing attenuated live culture preparation of the Bacillus of Calmette and Guerin (BCG) strain of *Mycobacterium bovis* for percutaneous use. It is administered to prevent the development of tuberculosis.		
DB10344	Ginger	approved	Ginger allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10345	House dust	approved	House dust allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10346	Acacia longifolia pollen	approved	Acacia longifolia pollen is the pollen of the Acacia longifolia plant. Acacia longifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10348	Fraxinus americana pollen	approved	Fraxinus americana pollen is the pollen of the Fraxinus americana plant. Fraxinus americana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10349	Paspalum notatum pollen	approved	Paspalum notatum pollen is the pollen of the Paspalum notatum plant. Paspalum notatum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10350	Fagus grandifolia pollen	approved	Fagus grandifolia pollen is the pollen of the Fagus grandifolia plant. Fagus grandifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10351	Cynodon dactylon pollen	approved	Cynodon dactylon pollen, also known as bermuda grass pollen, is a standardized grass pollen extracts used for the diagnosis and treatment of allergic disease to grass pollen. It can be cutaneously, intradermally and subcutaneously administered to initiate an immune response in case of an allergic reaction. Diagnostic allergenic extracts are primarily indicated for establishing clinical relevance of specific allergens to which the patient has been exposed and the degree of sensitivity the patient has toward that allergen.		
DB10352	Betula lenta pollen	approved	Betula lenta pollen is the pollen of the Betula lenta plant. Betula lenta pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10353	Poa annua pollen	approved	Poa annua pollen is the pollen of the Poa annua plant. Poa annua pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10354	Acer negundo pollen	approved	Acer negundo pollen is the pollen of the Acer negundo plant. Acer negundo pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10355	Bromus inermis pollen	approved	Bromus inermis pollen is the pollen of the Bromus inermis plant. Bromus inermis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10356	Xanthium strumarium pollen	approved	Xanthium strumarium pollen is the pollen of the Xanthium strumarium plant. Xanthium strumarium pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10357	Zea mays pollen	approved	Zea mays pollen is the pollen of the Zea mays plant. Zea mays pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10359	Rumex acetosella pollen	approved	Rumex acetosella pollen is the pollen of the Rumex acetosella plant. Rumex acetosella pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10360	Rumex crispus pollen	approved	Rumex crispus pollen is the pollen of the Rumex crispus plant. Rumex crispus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10361	Ulmus americana pollen	approved	Ulmus americana pollen is the pollen of the Ulmus americana plant. Ulmus americana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10362	Ulmus pumila pollen	approved	Ulmus pumila pollen is the pollen of the Ulmus pumila plant. Ulmus pumila pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10363	Corylus americana pollen	approved	Corylus americana pollen is the pollen of the Corylus americana plant. Corylus americana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10364	Carya ovata pollen	approved	Carya ovata pollen is the pollen of the Carya ovata plant. Carya ovata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10365	Sorghum halepense pollen	approved	Sorghum halepense pollen is the pollen of the Sorghum halepense plant. Sorghum halepense pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10366	Poa pratensis pollen	approved	Poa pratensis pollen is the pollen of the Poa pratensis plant. Poa pratensis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10368	Chenopodium album pollen	approved	Chenopodium album pollen is the pollen of the Chenopodium album plant. Chenopodium album pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10369	Acer saccharum pollen	approved	Acer saccharum pollen is the pollen of the Acer saccharum plant. Acer saccharum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10370	Festuca pratensis pollen	approved	Festuca pratensis pollen is the pollen of the Festuca pratensis plant. Festuca pratensis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10371	Prosopis juliflora pollen	approved	Prosopis juliflora pollen is the pollen of the Prosopis juliflora plant. Prosopis juliflora pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10372	Artemisia vulgaris pollen	approved	Artemisia vulgaris pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia vulgaris plant. Artemisia vulgaris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10373	Morus rubra pollen	approved	Morus rubra pollen is the pollen of the Morus rubra plant. Morus rubra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10374	Quercus agrifolia pollen	approved	Quercus agrifolia pollen is the pollen of the Quercus agrifolia plant. Quercus agrifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10375	Quercus virginiana pollen	approved	Quercus virginiana pollen is the pollen of the Quercus virginiana plant. Quercus virginiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10376	Quercus alba pollen	approved	Quercus alba pollen, or oak white pollen, is a non-standardized allergen extract used for the diagnosis and treatment of allergic disease to grass pollen. It can be subcutaneously administered to initiate an immune response in case of an allergic reaction. Diagnostic allergenic extracts are primarily indicated for establishing clinical relevance of specific allergens to which the patient has been exposed and the degree of sensitivity the patient has toward that allergen.		
DB10377	Avena sativa pollen	approved	Avena sativa pollen is the pollen of the Avena sativa plant. Avena sativa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10378	Olea europaea pollen	approved	Olea europaea pollen is the pollen of the Olea europaea plant. Olea europaea pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10379	Dactylis glomerata pollen	approved	Dactylis glomerata pollen is the pollen of the Dactylis glomerata plant. Dactylis glomerata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10380	Carya illinoinensis pollen	approved	Carya illinoinensis pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10381	Amaranthus retroflexus pollen	approved	Amaranthus retroflexus pollen is the pollen of the Amaranthus retroflexus plant. Amaranthus retroflexus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10382	Plantago lanceolata pollen	approved	Plantago lanceolata pollen is the pollen of the Plantago lanceolata plant. Plantago lanceolata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10383	Populus alba pollen	approved	Populus alba pollen is the pollen of the Populus alba plant. Populus alba pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10384	Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen	approved	Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia acanthicarpa plant. Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10385	Ambrosia artemisiifolia pollen	approved	Ambrosia artemisiifolia pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia artemisiifolia plant. Ambrosia artemisiifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10386	Ambrosia trifida pollen	approved	Ambrosia trifida pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia trifida plant. Ambrosia trifida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10387	Ambrosia psilostachya pollen	approved	Ambrosia psilostachya pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia psilostachya plant. Ambrosia psilostachya pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10388	Salsola kali pollen	approved	Salsola kali pollen is the pollen of the Salsola kali plant. Salsola kali pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10389	Lolium perenne pollen	approved	Lolium perenne pollen is the pollen of the Lolium perenne plant. Lolium perenne pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10390	Artemisia tridentata pollen	approved	Artemisia tridentata pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia tridentata plant. Artemisia tridentata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10391	Atriplex wrightii pollen	approved	Atriplex wrightii pollen is the pollen of the Atriplex wrightii plant. Atriplex wrightii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10392	Platanus occidentalis pollen	approved	Platanus occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Platanus occidentalis plant. Platanus occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10393	Platanus racemosa pollen	approved	Platanus racemosa pollen is the pollen of the Platanus racemosa plant. Platanus racemosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10394	Phleum pratense pollen	approved,investigational	Phleum pratense pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10395	Holcus lanatus pollen	approved	Holcus lanatus pollen is the pollen of the Holcus lanatus plant. Holcus lanatus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10396	Juglans nigra pollen	approved	Juglans nigra pollen is the pollen of the Juglans nigra plant. Juglans nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10397	Juglans californica pollen	approved	Juglans californica pollen is the pollen of the Juglans californica plant. Juglans californica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10398	Salix nigra pollen	approved	Salix nigra pollen is the pollen of the Salix nigra plant. Salix nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10399	Felis catus skin	approved	Felis catus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10400	Dermatophagoides farinae	approved	Dermatophagoides farinae  extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.		
DB10401	Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus	approved	Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.		
DB10403	Agrostis gigantea pollen	approved	Agrostis gigantea pollen is the pollen of the Agrostis gigantea plant. Agrostis gigantea pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10404	Anthoxanthum odoratum pollen	approved	Anthoxanthum odoratum pollen is the pollen of the Anthoxanthum odoratum plant. Anthoxanthum odoratum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10406	Bos taurus skin	approved	Bos taurus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10408	Cotton seed	approved	Cotton seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10409	Canis lupus familiaris skin	approved	Canis lupus familiaris skin allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10410	Equus caballus skin	approved	Equus caballus skin allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10411	Ceiba pentandra fiber	approved	Ceiba pentandra fiber is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10412	Mus musculus skin	approved	Mus musculus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10413	Orris	approved	Orris allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10415	Rabbit	approved,investigational	Rabbit allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10416	Cavia porcellus skin	approved	Cavia porcellus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10417	Periplaneta americana	approved	American cockroach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10418	Blatella germanica	approved	German cockroach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10419	Solenopsis invicta	approved	Solenopsis invicta allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10420	Gallus gallus feather	approved	Gallus gallus feather is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10421	Anas platyrhynchos feather	approved	Anas platyrhynchos feather is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10422	Anser anser feather	approved	Anser anser feather is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10423	Acremonium strictum	approved	Acremonium strictum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Acremonium strictum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10424	Alternaria alternata	approved	Alternaria alternata is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Alternaria alternata extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10425	Aspergillus fumigatus	approved	Aspergillus fumigatus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus fumigatus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10426	Aspergillus niger var. niger	approved	Aspergillus niger var. niger is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus niger var. niger extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10427	Aureobasidium pullulans var. pullutans	approved	Aureobasidium pullulans var. pullutans is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aureobasidium pullulans var. pullutans extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10428	Botrytis cinerea	approved	Botrytis cinerea is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Botrytis cinerea extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10429	Candida albicans	approved	Candida albicans is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Candida albicans is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10430	Chaetomium globosum	approved	Chaetomium globosum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Chaetomium globosum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10431	Cladosporium cladosporioides	approved	Cladosporium cladosporioides is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cladosporium cladosporioides extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10432	Cladosporium sphaerospermum	approved	Cladosporium sphaerospermum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cladosporium sphaerospermum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10433	Cochliobolus sativus	approved	Cochliobolus sativus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cochliobolus sativus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10434	Epicoccum nigrum	approved	Epicoccum nigrum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Epicoccum nigrum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10435	Fusarium oxysporum vasinfectum	approved	Fusarium oxysporum vasinfectum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Fusarium oxysporum vasinfectum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10436	Helminthosporium solani	approved	Helminthosporium solani is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Helminthosporium solani extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10437	Mucor plumbeus	approved	Mucor plumbeus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Mucor plumbeus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10438	Neurospora intermedia	approved	Neurospora intermedia is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Neurospora intermedia extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10439	Penicillium chrysogenum var. chrysogenum	approved	Penicillium chrysogenum var. chrysogenum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Penicillium chrysogenum var. chrysogenum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10440	Phoma exigua var. exigua	approved	Phoma exigua var. exigua is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Phoma exigua var. exigua extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10441	Rhizopus arrhizus var. arrhizus	approved	Rhizopus arrhizus var. arrhizus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Rhizopus arrhizus var. arrhizus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10442	Rhodotorula rubra	approved	Rhodotorula rubra is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Rhodotorula rubra is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10443	Ustilago maydis	approved	Ustilago maydis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Ustilago maydis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10444	Ustilago tritici	approved	Ustilago tritici is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Ustilago tritici extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10445	Stemphylium solani	approved	Stemphylium solani is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Stemphylium solani extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10446	Trichophyton mentagrophytes	approved	Trichophyton mentagrophytes is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichophyton mentagrophytes extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10447	Saccharomyces cerevisiae	approved	Saccharomyces cerevisiae is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Saccharomyces cerevisiae is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10448	Aspergillus oryzae	approved	Aspergillus oryzae allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10449	Aspergillus repens	approved	Aspergillus repens is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus repens extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10450	Aspergillus terreus	approved	Aspergillus terreus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus terreus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10451	Acacia	approved	Acacia allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10452	Ailanthus altissima pollen	approved	Ailanthus altissima pollen is the pollen of the Ailanthus altissima plant. Ailanthus altissima pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10453	Alnus incana subsp. rugosa pollen	approved	Alnus incana subsp. rugosa pollen is the pollen of the Alnus incana subsp. rugosa plant. Alnus incana subsp. rugosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10454	Medicago sativa pollen	approved	Medicago sativa pollen is the pollen of the Medicago sativa plant. Medicago sativa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10455	Fraxinus velutina pollen	approved	Fraxinus velutina pollen is the pollen of the Fraxinus velutina plant. Fraxinus velutina pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10456	Populus tremuloides pollen	approved	Populus tremuloides pollen is the pollen of the Populus tremuloides plant. Populus tremuloides pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10457	Morella cerifera pollen	approved	Morella cerifera pollen is the pollen of the Morella cerifera plant. Morella cerifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10458	Betula nigra pollen	approved	Betula nigra pollen is the pollen of the Betula nigra plant. Betula nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10459	Amaranthus palmeri pollen	approved	Amaranthus palmeri pollen is the pollen of the Amaranthus palmeri plant. Amaranthus palmeri pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10460	Juniperus ashei pollen	approved	Juniperus ashei pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus ashei plant. Juniperus ashei pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10461	Juniperus virginiana pollen	approved	Juniperus virginiana pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus virginiana plant. Juniperus virginiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10462	Xanthium strumarium var. canadense pollen	approved	Xanthium strumarium var. canadense pollen is the pollen of the Xanthium strumarium var. canadense plant. Xanthium strumarium var. canadense pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10463	Populus deltoides pollen	approved	Populus deltoides pollen is the pollen of the Populus deltoides plant. Populus deltoides pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10464	Populus fremontii pollen	approved	Populus fremontii pollen is the pollen of the Populus fremontii plant. Populus fremontii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10465	Populus deltoides subsp. monilifera pollen	approved	Populus deltoides subsp. monilifera pollen is the pollen of the Populus deltoides subsp. monilifera plant. Populus deltoides subsp. monilifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10466	Cupressus arizonica pollen	approved	Cupressus arizonica pollen is the pollen of the Cupressus arizonica plant. Cupressus arizonica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10467	Taxodium distichum pollen	approved	Taxodium distichum pollen is the pollen of the Taxodium distichum plant. Taxodium distichum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10468	Eupatorium capillifolium pollen	approved	Eupatorium capillifolium pollen is the pollen of the Eupatorium capillifolium plant. Eupatorium capillifolium pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10469	Ulmus crassifolia pollen	approved	Ulmus crassifolia pollen is the pollen of the Ulmus crassifolia plant. Ulmus crassifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10470	Eucalyptus globulus pollen	approved	Eucalyptus globulus pollen is the pollen of the Eucalyptus globulus plant. Eucalyptus globulus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10471	Solidago canadensis pollen	approved	Solidago canadensis pollen is the pollen of the Solidago canadensis plant. Solidago canadensis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10472	Celtis occidentalis pollen	approved	Celtis occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Celtis occidentalis plant. Celtis occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10473	Juniperus californica pollen	approved	Juniperus californica pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus californica plant. Juniperus californica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10474	Robinia pseudoacacia pollen	approved	Robinia pseudoacacia pollen is the pollen of the Robinia pseudoacacia plant. Robinia pseudoacacia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10475	Acer rubrum pollen	approved	Acer rubrum pollen is the pollen of the Acer rubrum plant. Acer rubrum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10478	Melaleuca quinquenervia pollen	approved	Melaleuca quinquenervia pollen is the pollen of the Melaleuca quinquenervia plant. Melaleuca quinquenervia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10479	Chenopodium ambrosioides pollen	approved	Chenopodium ambrosioides pollen is the pollen of the Chenopodium ambrosioides plant. Chenopodium ambrosioides pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10480	Morus alba pollen	approved	Morus alba pollen is the pollen of the Morus alba plant. Morus alba pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10481	Quercus rubra pollen	approved	Quercus rubra pollen is the pollen of the Quercus rubra plant. Quercus rubra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10482	Syagrus romanzoffiana pollen	approved	Syagrus romanzoffiana pollen is the pollen of the Syagrus romanzoffiana plant. Syagrus romanzoffiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10483	Schinus molle pollen	approved	Schinus molle pollen is the pollen of the Schinus molle plant. Schinus molle pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10484	Amaranthus spinosus pollen	approved	Amaranthus spinosus pollen is the pollen of the Amaranthus spinosus plant. Amaranthus spinosus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10485	Casuarina equisetifolia pollen	approved	Casuarina equisetifolia pollen is the pollen of the Casuarina equisetifolia plant. Casuarina equisetifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10486	Pinus strobus pollen	approved	Pinus strobus pollen is the pollen of the Pinus strobus plant. Pinus strobus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10487	Pinus echinata pollen	approved	Pinus echinata pollen is the pollen of the Pinus echinata plant. Pinus echinata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10488	Ligustrum vulgare pollen	approved	Ligustrum vulgare pollen is the pollen of the Ligustrum vulgare plant. Ligustrum vulgare pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10489	Elymus repens pollen	approved	Elymus repens pollen is the pollen of the Elymus repens plant. Elymus repens pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10490	Ambrosia tenuifolia pollen	approved	Ambrosia tenuifolia pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia tenuifolia plant. Ambrosia tenuifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10491	Ambrosia bidentata pollen	approved	Ambrosia bidentata pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia bidentata plant. Ambrosia bidentata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10493	Artemisia frigida pollen	approved	Artemisia frigida pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia frigida plant. Artemisia frigida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10494	Distichlis spicata pollen	approved	Distichlis spicata pollen is the pollen of the Distichlis spicata plant. Distichlis spicata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10495	Liquidambar styraciflua pollen	approved	Liquidambar styraciflua pollen is the pollen of the Liquidambar styraciflua plant. Liquidambar styraciflua pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10496	Juglans regia pollen	approved	Juglans regia pollen is the pollen of the Juglans regia plant. Juglans regia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10497	Amaranthus tuberculatus pollen	approved	Amaranthus tuberculatus pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10498	Triticum aestivum pollen	approved	Triticum aestivum pollen is the pollen of the Triticum aestivum plant. Triticum aestivum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10499	Felis catus hair	approved	Domestic cat hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10500	Almond	approved	Almond allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10501	Apple	approved	Apple allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10502	Apricot	approved	Apricot allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10503	Asparagus	approved	Asparagus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10504	Avocado	approved	Avocado allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10505	Banana	approved	Banana allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10506	Barley	approved	Barley allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10508	String bean	approved	String bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10509	Beef	approved	Beef allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10510	Brazil nut	approved	Brazil nut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10511	Broccoli	approved	Broccoli allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10512	Buckwheat	approved	Buckwheat allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10513	Cabbage	approved	Cabbage allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10514	Cantaloupe	approved	Cantaloupe allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10515	Carrot	approved	Carrot allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10516	Casein	approved	Casein allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10517	Celery	approved	Celery allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10518	Cherry	approved	Cherry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10519	Chicken	approved	Chicken allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10520	Cinnamon	approved	Cinnamon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10523	Coconut	approved	Coconut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10525	Coffee bean	approved	Coffee bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10526	Red king crab	approved	Crab allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10527	Cucumber	approved	Cucumber allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10528	Egg white	approved	Egg white allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10529	Egg	approved	Egg allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10530	Egg yolk	approved	Egg yolk allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10531	Flounder	approved	Flounder allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10532	Garlic	approved,nutraceutical	Garlic allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10533	Grape	approved	Grape allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10534	Grapefruit	approved	Grapefruit allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10535	Karaya gum	approved	Karaya gum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10536	Honeydew melon	approved	Honeydew melon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10537	Lamb	approved	Lamb allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10538	Lemon	approved,investigational	Lemon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10539	Lettuce	approved	Lettuce allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10540	Lima bean	approved	Lima bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10541	Lobster	approved	Lobster allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10542	Goat milk	approved	Goat milk allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10543	Cow milk	approved	Cow milk allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10544	Cultivated mushroom	approved	Cultivated mushroom allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10545	Mustard seed	approved	Mustard seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10546	Oat	approved	Oat allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10547	Black olive	approved	Black olive allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10548	Onion	approved	Onion allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10549	Orange	approved	Orange allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10550	Oyster	approved	Oyster allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10551	Pea	approved	Pea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10552	Peach	approved	Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10553	Peanut	approved	Peanut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10554	Pear	approved	Pear allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10555	Pecan	approved	Pecan allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10556	Green bell pepper	approved	Green bell pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10557	Black pepper	approved	Black pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10558	Pineapple	approved	Pineapple allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10559	Pistachio	approved	Pistachio allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10560	Plum	approved	Plum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10561	Pork	approved	Pork allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10562	Potato	approved	Potato allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10563	Rice	approved	Rice allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10564	Rye	approved	Rye allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10566	Sesame seed	approved	Sesame seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10567	Shrimp	approved	Shrimp allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10568	Soybean	approved	Soybean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10569	Spinach	approved	Spinach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10570	Squash	approved	Squash allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10571	Strawberry	approved	Strawberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10572	Corn	approved	Corn allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10573	Tomato	approved	Tomato allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10574	Tuna	approved	Tuna allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10575	Turkey	approved,investigational	Turkey allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10576	Vanilla	approved	Vanilla allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10577	English walnut	approved	English walnut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10578	Watermelon	approved	Watermelon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10579	Wheat	approved	Wheat allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10580	Tea leaf	approved,investigational	Tea leaf allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10581	Khuskia oryzae	approved	Khuskia oryzae is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Khuskia oryzae extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10582	Artemisia annua pollen	approved	Artemisia annua pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia annua plant. Artemisia annua pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10583	Clostridium tetani toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	Clostridium tetani toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is used for active immunization of children 7 years of age or older, and adults, for prevention of tetanus. The toxoid in the Clostridium tetani culture is grown and detoxified followed by purification via ammonium sulfate filtration and precipation.		
DB10584	Corynebacterium diphtheriae toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational			
DB10596	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-179A (H1N1) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10597	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10598	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10599	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10600	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-181 (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10601	Influenza A virus A/South Australia/55/2014 IVR-175 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10602	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10603	Meriones unguiculatus skin	approved	Meriones unguiculatus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10604	Capra hircus skin	approved	Capra hircus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10605	Mesocricetus auratus skin	approved	Mesocricetus auratus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10606	Sus scrofa skin	approved	Sus scrofa skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10607	Oryctolagus cuniculus skin	approved	Oryctolagus cuniculus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10608	Rattus norvegicus skin	approved	Rattus norvegicus skin or pelt is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10609	Bombyx mori fiber	approved	Bombyx mori fiber is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10610	Duck	approved	Duck allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10611	Allergenic extract- beef liver	approved	Beef liver allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10612	Veal	approved	Veal allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10613	Bluefish	approved	Bluefish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10614	Common carp	approved	Common carp allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10615	Haddock	approved	Haddock allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10616	Pacific halibut	approved	Pacific halibut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10617	Herring	approved	Herring allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10618	Mackerel	approved	Mackerel allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10619	Northern pike	approved	Northern pike allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10620	Red snapper	approved	Red snapper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10621	Atlantic salmon	approved	Atlantic salmon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10622	European pilchard	approved	European pilchard allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10623	Scallop	approved	Scallop allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10624	Smelt	approved	Smelt allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10625	Swordfish	approved	Swordfish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10626	Trout	approved	Trout allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10627	White fish	approved	White fish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10628	Blackberry	approved	Blackberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10629	Blueberry	approved	Blueberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10630	Sour cherry	approved	Sour cherry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10631	Cranberry	approved,investigational	Cranberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10632	Date	approved	Date allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10633	Fig	approved	Fig allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10634	Wine grape	approved	Wine grape allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10635	Lime (citrus)	approved	Lime (citrus) allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10636	Raspberry	approved	Raspberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10637	Tangerine	approved	Tangerine allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10638	Artichoke	approved	Artichoke allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10639	Kidney bean	approved	Kidney bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10640	Beet	approved	Beet allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10641	Kiwi fruit	approved	Kiwi fruit allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10642	Brussels sprout	approved	Brussels sprout allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10643	Cauliflower	approved	Cauliflower allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10644	Eggplant	approved	Eggplant allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10645	Lentil	approved	Lentil allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10646	Green olive	approved	Green olive allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10647	Parsley	approved	Parsley allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10648	Sweet potato	approved	Sweet potato allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10650	Raphanus sativus	approved	Radish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10651	Rhubarb	approved	Rhubarb allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10652	Turnip	approved	Turnip allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10653	Cashew	approved	Cashew allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10654	Hazelnut	approved	Hazelnut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10655	Macadamia nut	approved	Macadamia nut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10656	Nectarine	approved	Nectarine allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10657	Mango	approved	Mango allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10658	Papaya	approved	Papaya allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10659	Leek	approved	Leek allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10660	Okra	approved	Okra allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10661	Parsnip	approved	Parsnip allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10662	Chickpea	approved	Chickpea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10663	Black-eyed pea	approved	Black-eyed pea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10664	Watercress	approved	Watercress allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10666	Arabica coffee bean	approved	Arabica coffee bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10667	Tragacanth	approved	Tragacanth allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10669	Allspice	approved	Allspice allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10670	Laurus nobilis	approved	Laurus nobilis allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10671	Caraway seed	approved	Caraway seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10672	Clove	approved	Clove allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10673	Dill	approved	Dill allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10674	Horseradish	approved	Horseradish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10675	Licorice	approved	Licorice allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10676	Nutmeg	approved	Nutmeg allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10677	Oregano	approved	Oregano allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10678	Paprika	approved	Paprika allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10679	White pepper	approved	White pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10681	Poppy seed	approved	Poppy seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10683	Spearmint	approved	Spearmint allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10685	Wheat bran	approved	Wheat bran allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10686	American chestnut	approved	American chestnut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10687	Hops	approved	Hops allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10688	Musca domestica	approved	Housefly allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10690	Ctenocephalides canis	approved	Dog flea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10691	Aedes taeniorhynchus	approved	Aedes taeniorhynchus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10693	Ctenocephalides felis	approved	Cat flea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10694	Aspergillus flavus	approved	Aspergillus flavus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus flavus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10695	Eurotium herbariorum	approved	Eurotium herbariorum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Eurotium herbariorum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10696	Trichothecium roseum	approved	Trichothecium roseum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichothecium roseum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10697	Curvularia inaequalis	approved	Curvularia inaequalis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Curvularia inaequalis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10698	Fusarium compactum	approved	Fusarium compactum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Fusarium compactum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10699	Geotrichum candidum	approved	Geotrichum candidum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Geotrichum candidum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10700	Phoma glomerata	approved	Phoma glomerata is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Phoma glomerata extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10701	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa	approved	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Rhodotorula mucilaginosa is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10702	Stemphylium sarciniforme	approved	Stemphylium sarciniforme is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Stemphylium sarciniforme extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10703	Trichoderma harzianum	approved	Trichoderma harzianum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichoderma harzianum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10704	Ustilago avenae	approved	Ustilago avenae is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Ustilago avenae extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10705	Tilletia caries	approved	Tilletia caries allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10706	Puccinia graminis	approved	Puccinia graminis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Puccinia graminis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10707	Cotton	approved	Cotton allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10708	Flax seed	approved	Flax seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10710	Tobacco leaf	approved	Tobacco leaf allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10711	Corcorus capsularis fiber	approved	Corcorus capsularis fiber is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10712	Agave sisalana fiber	approved	Agave sisalana fiber is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10713	Poa compressa pollen	approved	Poa compressa pollen is the pollen of the Poa compressa plant. Poa compressa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10714	Phalaris arundinacea pollen	approved	Phalaris arundinacea pollen is the pollen of the Phalaris arundinacea plant. Phalaris arundinacea pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10715	Bouteloua gracilis pollen	approved	Bouteloua gracilis pollen is the pollen of the Bouteloua gracilis plant. Bouteloua gracilis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10716	Urochloa mutica pollen	approved	Urochloa mutica pollen is the pollen of the Urochloa mutica plant. Urochloa mutica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10717	Secale cereale pollen	approved	Secale cereale pollen is the pollen of the Secale cereale plant. Secale cereale pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10718	Leymus condensatus pollen	approved	Leymus condensatus pollen is the pollen of the Leymus condensatus plant. Leymus condensatus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10719	Pascopyrum smithii pollen	approved	Pascopyrum smithii pollen is the pollen of the Pascopyrum smithii plant. Pascopyrum smithii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10720	Acacia baileyana pollen	approved	Acacia baileyana pollen is the pollen of the Acacia baileyana plant. Acacia baileyana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10721	Alnus rubra pollen	approved	Alnus rubra pollen is the pollen of the Alnus rubra plant. Alnus rubra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10722	Alnus rhombifolia pollen	approved	Alnus rhombifolia pollen is the pollen of the Alnus rhombifolia plant. Alnus rhombifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10723	Fraxinus latifolia pollen	approved	Fraxinus latifolia pollen is the pollen of the Fraxinus latifolia plant. Fraxinus latifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10724	Betula populifolia pollen	approved	Betula populifolia pollen is the pollen of the Betula populifolia plant. Betula populifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10725	Tamarix gallica pollen	approved	Tamarix gallica pollen is the pollen of the Tamarix gallica plant. Tamarix gallica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10727	Juniperus monosperma pollen	approved	Juniperus monosperma pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus monosperma plant. Juniperus monosperma pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10728	Juniperus pinchotii pollen	approved	Juniperus pinchotii pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus pinchotii plant. Juniperus pinchotii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10729	Juniperus scopulorum pollen	approved	Juniperus scopulorum pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus scopulorum plant. Juniperus scopulorum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10730	Juniperus osteosperma pollen	approved	Juniperus osteosperma pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus osteosperma plant. Juniperus osteosperma pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10731	Juniperus occidentalis pollen	approved	Juniperus occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Juniperus occidentalis plant. Juniperus occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10732	Tilia americana pollen	approved	Tilia americana pollen is the pollen of the Tilia americana plant. Tilia americana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10733	Mangifera indica pollen	approved	Mangifera indica pollen is the pollen of the Mangifera indica plant. Mangifera indica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10734	Acer macrophyllum pollen	approved	Acer macrophyllum pollen is the pollen of the Acer macrophyllum plant. Acer macrophyllum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10735	Acer saccharinum pollen	approved	Acer saccharinum pollen is the pollen of the Acer saccharinum plant. Acer saccharinum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10736	Broussonetia papyrifera pollen	approved	Broussonetia papyrifera pollen is the pollen of the Broussonetia papyrifera plant. Broussonetia papyrifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10737	Quercus velutina pollen	approved	Quercus velutina pollen is the pollen of the Quercus velutina plant. Quercus velutina pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10738	Quercus macrocarpa pollen	approved	Quercus macrocarpa pollen is the pollen of the Quercus macrocarpa plant. Quercus macrocarpa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10739	Quercus kelloggii pollen	approved	Quercus kelloggii pollen is the pollen of the Quercus kelloggii plant. Quercus kelloggii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10740	Quercus gambelii pollen	approved	Quercus gambelii pollen is the pollen of the Quercus gambelii plant. Quercus gambelii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10741	Quercus lobata pollen	approved	Quercus lobata pollen is the pollen of the Quercus lobata plant. Quercus lobata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10742	Quercus nigra pollen	approved	Quercus nigra pollen is the pollen of the Quercus nigra plant. Quercus nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10743	Citrus sinensis pollen	approved	Citrus sinensis pollen is the pollen of the Citrus sinensis plant. Citrus sinensis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10744	Pinus taeda pollen	approved	Pinus taeda pollen is the pollen of the Pinus taeda plant. Pinus taeda pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10745	Pinus palustris pollen	approved	Pinus palustris pollen is the pollen of the Pinus palustris plant. Pinus palustris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10746	Pinus ponderosa pollen	approved	Pinus ponderosa pollen is the pollen of the Pinus ponderosa plant. Pinus ponderosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10747	Pinus elliottii pollen	approved	Pinus elliottii pollen is the pollen of the Pinus elliottii plant. Pinus elliottii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10748	Pinus virginiana pollen	approved	Pinus virginiana pollen is the pollen of the Pinus virginiana plant. Pinus virginiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10749	Pinus monticola pollen	approved	Pinus monticola pollen is the pollen of the Pinus monticola plant. Pinus monticola pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10750	Populus nigra pollen	approved	Populus nigra pollen is the pollen of the Populus nigra plant. Populus nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10751	Elaeagnus angustifolia pollen	approved	Elaeagnus angustifolia pollen is the pollen of the Elaeagnus angustifolia plant. Elaeagnus angustifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10752	Salix lasiolepis pollen	approved	Salix lasiolepis pollen is the pollen of the Salix lasiolepis plant. Salix lasiolepis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10753	Salix discolor pollen	approved	Salix discolor pollen is the pollen of the Salix discolor plant. Salix discolor pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10754	Populus balsamifera subsp. trichocarpa pollen	approved	Populus balsamifera subsp. trichocarpa pollen is the pollen of the Populus balsamifera subsp. trichocarpa plant. Populus balsamifera subsp. trichocarpa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10755	Taraxacum officinale pollen	approved	Taraxacum officinale pollen is the pollen of the Taraxacum officinale plant. Taraxacum officinale pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10756	Atriplex polycarpa pollen	approved	Atriplex polycarpa pollen is the pollen of the Atriplex polycarpa plant. Atriplex polycarpa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10757	Baccharis halimifolia pollen	approved	Baccharis halimifolia pollen is the pollen of the Baccharis halimifolia plant. Baccharis halimifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10758	Hymenoclea salsola pollen	approved	Hymenoclea salsola pollen is the pollen of the Hymenoclea salsola plant. Hymenoclea salsola pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10759	Allenrolfea occidentalis pollen	approved	Allenrolfea occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Allenrolfea occidentalis plant. Allenrolfea occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10760	Atriplex lentiformis pollen	approved	Atriplex lentiformis pollen is the pollen of the Atriplex lentiformis plant. Atriplex lentiformis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10761	Artemisia douglasiana pollen	approved	Artemisia douglasiana pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia douglasiana plant. Artemisia douglasiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10762	Artemisia ludoviciana pollen	approved	Artemisia ludoviciana pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia ludoviciana plant. Artemisia ludoviciana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10763	Urtica dioica pollen	approved	Urtica dioica pollen is the pollen of the Urtica dioica plant. Urtica dioica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10764	Iva axillaris pollen	approved	Iva axillaris pollen is the pollen of the Iva axillaris plant. Iva axillaris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10765	Ambrosia deltoidea pollen	approved	Ambrosia deltoidea pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia deltoidea plant. Ambrosia deltoidea pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10766	Sarcobatus vermiculatus pollen	approved	Sarcobatus vermiculatus pollen is the pollen of the Sarcobatus vermiculatus plant. Sarcobatus vermiculatus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10767	Atriplex canescens pollen	approved	Atriplex canescens pollen is the pollen of the Atriplex canescens plant. Atriplex canescens pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10768	Artemisia absinthium pollen	approved	Artemisia absinthium pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia absinthium plant. Artemisia absinthium pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10769	Japanese encephalitis virus strain sa 14-14-2 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved			
DB10770	Foreskin fibroblast (neonatal)	approved	Foreskin fibroblast-like stromal cells (FDSCs) are progenitors isolated from human tissue that can differentiate into various cell types [A32660].Also known as Dermagraft, this device is a cryopreserved human fibroblast-derived dermal substitute. Composed of fibroblasts, extracellular matrix, and a bioabsorbable scaffold, it effectively supports wound healing [L2418].Dermagraft has only been available in the United States as an investigational device (IDE). Dermagraft for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers was approved for sale in Canada in 1997. Dermagraft was introduced in the United Kingdom in October 1997, and several other European countries, as well as New Zealand and Australia. The device is available for commercial distribution in Australia, Canada, Finland, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore, and The United Kingdom [L2418].The impact of diabetic foot ulcers (DFU) on individuals and society is devastating. Failure to observe proper wound care in this condition often results in amputation. If wound closure is achieved, it is likely to delay the need for surgical intervention and provide other benefits such as improvements in productivity, mental outlook, social interactions, and time at work, in addition to decreased mortality [L2438].Interestingly, it has been shown that human foreskin cells possess immunosuppressive properties, which are mediated by other processes than that reported for bone marrow/stromal stem cells [A32655].  Dermagraft has been combined with [DB10772] to create a drug beneficial to patients with open burn wounds [L2427].		
DB10771	Bovine type I collagen	approved	Bovine collagen alpha-1 is a naturally occurring extracellular matrix protein which is found in tendons and other connective tissues. It plays a vital role in cell growth, differentiation, attachment, and migration [L2481].  Often combined with other ingredients, such as fibroblasts and keratinocytes, it allows for accelerated and effective wound healing [L2427], [L2450]. Excellagen, a topical gel of bovine type I collagen, is used in the management of wounds including: partial and full- thickness wounds, pressure ulcers, venous ulcers, diabetic ulcers, chronic vascular ulcers, tunneled/undermined wounds, surgical wounds (donor sites/graft, post-Moh’s surgery, post-laser surgery, podiatric, wound dehiscence), trauma wounds (abrasions, lacerations, second-degree burns and skin tears) and draining wounds [L2500]. Bovine type I collagen is also used as a health supplement for bones and joints [A32698].Interestingly, bovine type I collagen has been studied as a possible endovascular stent material, and has demonstrated promising results in rabbits [A32696].		
DB10772	Foreskin keratinocyte (neonatal)	approved	Skin, the largest organ of the human body, plays the main role in protecting the body from mechanical damage. It is composed of epidermal, dermal and hypodermal layers. The barrier function of the skin owed to its avascular epidermal layer, which is made mainly of keratinocytes. The keratinocytes form a stratified epithelium, with growing basal cells at the innermost layer and the keratinized, and mostly impermeable outer stratum corneum layer on the surface [L2452].Foreskin keratinocytes are a form of skin cells that are cultured as a skin cell replacement for wounds, to accelerate wound closure and healing [L2434], [L2460]. The defining moment in skin culture was in 1975 when Rheinwald and Green successfully grew human keratinocytes on lethally irradiated murine fibroblasts. In 1981, O’Conner and his group utilized cultured autologous epithelium to coat burn defects for the first time. To construct a "living" alternative, a dermal substitute based on collagen I gel was created with mesenchymal cells such as fibroblasts. When an epidermal layer was added, this approach became known as "skin equivalent", "composite culture" or "organotypical culture" [L2453].Foreskin keratinocytes are an important ingredient in several skin substitutes [L2460], used for various indications. Keratinocytes are derived from neonatal foreskins and used to create a drug called _Apligraf_, a mixture of [DB10770] and keratinocytes. A gel made of bovine collagen is used as the matrix for cell growth and differentiation. Apligraf has been useful in the treatment of venous leg ulcers and diabetic foot ulcers, by increasing rates of wound healing and decreasing the time required for closure of wounds [L2452].Orcel, another skin substitute,  is similar to Apligraf since it contains both fibroblasts and keratinocytes derived from neonatal foreskin, but in addition, utilizes a type I collagen sponge as its matrix. It is used for grafting onto partial-thickness wounds, where it offers a favorable matrix for host cell migration [L2452].		
DB10773	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 (H1N1) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10774	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10775	Influenza B virus B/Wisconsin/1/2010 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10776	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10777	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10778	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10779	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10780	Influenza B virus B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009 BX-39 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10781	Influenza A virus A/Christchurch/16/2010 NIB-74 (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10782	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10783	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b nhba fusion protein antigen	approved			
DB10784	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b fhbp fusion protein antigen	approved			
DB10785	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b nada protein antigen	approved			
DB10786	Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B strain NZ98/254 outer membrane vesicle	approved			
DB10787	Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (glutaraldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational			
DB10788	Bordetella pertussis filamentous hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	Bordetella pertussis filamentous hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine that contains inactivated acellular pertussis antigen that is isolated from Bordetella pertussis culture.		
DB10789	Bordetella pertussis pertactin antigen	approved,investigational	Bordetella pertussis pertactin antigen is a vaccine for the prophylaxis of whooping cough that contains pertactin, a membrane-associated antigen of Bordetella pertussis [A31248].		
DB10790	Bordetella pertussis fimbriae 2/3 antigen	approved,investigational	Bordetella pertussis fimbriae 2/3 antigen is a vaccine for the prophylaxis of the disease caused by Bordetella pertussis which is a a Gram-negative coccobacillus that expresses two serologically distinct fimbriae (Fim2 and Fim3).		
DB10791	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-179A (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10792	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10793	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10794	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10795	Poliovirus type 1 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	Poliovirus type 1 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 1 (Mahoney) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 1. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 1 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.		
DB10796	Poliovirus type 2 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	Poliovirus type 2 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 2 (MEF-1) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 2. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 2 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.		
DB10797	Poliovirus type 3 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	Poliovirus type 3 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 3 (Saukett) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 3. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 3 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.		
DB10798	Neisseria meningitidis group a capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Neisseria meningitidis group a capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen is an active intramuscular immunization for the prophylaxis of invasive meningococcal disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup a. The vaccine contains *N. meningitis* serogroup a capsular polysaccharide antigens that are purified and individually conjugated to diphtheria toxoid protein that are extracted from Corynebacterium diphtheriae grown in another culture.		
DB10799	Neisseria meningitidis group c capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group c capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen is an active intramuscular immunization for the prophylaxis of invasive meningococcal disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup c. The vaccine contains *N. meningitis* serogroup c capsular polysaccharide antigens that are purified and individually conjugated to diphtheria toxoid protein that are extracted from Corynebacterium diphtheriae grown in another culture.		
DB10800	Neisseria meningitidis group y capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group y capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen is an active intramuscular immunization for the prophylaxis of invasive meningococcal disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup W-135. The vaccine contains* N. meningitis* serogroup y capsular polysaccharide antigens that are purified and individually conjugated to diphtheria toxoid protein that are extracted from Corynebacterium diphtheriae grown in another culture.		
DB10801	Neisseria meningitidis group w-135 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group w-135 capsular polysaccharide diphtheria toxoid conjugate antigen is an active intramuscular immunization for the prophylaxis of invasive meningococcal disease caused by *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup W-135. The vaccine contains *N. meningitis* serogroup W-135 capsular polysaccharide antigens that are purified and individually conjugated to diphtheria toxoid protein that are extracted from *Corynebacterium diphtheriae* grown in another culture.		
DB10802	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009(H1N1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10803	Typhoid Vi polysaccharide vaccine	approved	Typhoid Vi polysaccharide vaccine is a vaccine that is administered intramuscularly. It is an active immunization for the prevention of typhoid fever caused by S typhi and is approved for use in persons two years of age or older. The vaccine contains the purified cell surface Vi polysaccharide extracted from *Salmonella enterica* serovar *Typhi, S typhi Ty2* strain. The bacterial culture is inactivated in the medium with the capsular polysaccharides precipated from the solution.		
DB10804	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen	approved,investigational	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen is intravesically administered for the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). The solution contains live, attenuated strain of Mycobacterium bovis. It is prepared from the Connaught strain of Bacillus Calmette and Guérin.		
DB10805	Yellow Fever Vaccine	approved,investigational	Yellow Fever vaccine prevents against Yellow Fever, a viral hemorrhagic disease caused by the transmission of a _flavivirus_ through the bite of an infected mosquito. Symptoms of Yellow Fever can range from asymptomatic, to mild flu-like illness, to more severe symptoms such as shock, jaundice, internal bleeding, and organ failure [L1655]. Interestingly, Yellow Fever got its name from the characteristic yellowing of the skin and eyes that occurs from the development of jaundice when the virus attacks the liver. Although there is supportive treatment available for managing Yellow Fever, there are currently no antivirals developed to specifically treat Yellow Fever. Vaccination with Yellow Fever vaccine is therefore considered to be the most important and effective measure to protect against Yellow Fever, with protective immunity developing within 10 days after vaccination; in two separate clinical trials of Yellow Fever Vaccine, 90% of subjects seroconverted within 10 days after vaccination, and 100% of subjects seroconverted within 14 days [FDA Label]. The World Health Organization no longer recommends the use of a 10-year booster dose following primary immunization, as a single dose is "sufficient to confer life-long immunity against yellow fever disease" [L1654]. Yellow Fever is most commonly found in the southern hemisphere, in tropical regions of Africa and Central/South America [L1653]. The World Health Organization recommends routine vaccination in countries where Yellow Fever is endemic, and for travellers going to endemic areas as proof of vaccination is often a requirement at border crossings to prevent international spread of the disease [L1653, L1657].Yellow Fever Vaccine is a subcutaneously administered vaccination for the active immunization and prophylaxis of yellow fever in pediatric patients 9 months of age and older. It is composed of two live, attenuated strains of yellow fever virus, 17D-204 and 17DD, which have been shown to elicit an immune response identical to that induced by wild-type infection [FDA Label, A32118]. The FDA recommends vaccination with Yellow Fever Vaccine for persons living in or travelling to endemic areas and for laboratory personnel who handle virulent yellow fever virus or concentrated preparations of the yellow fever vaccine virus.		
DB10806	Fusarium oxysporum	approved	Fusarium oxysporum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10807	Candida tropicalis	approved	Candida tropicalis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Candida tropicalis is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10808	Mucor racemosus	approved	Mucor racemosus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Mucor racemosus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10809	Penicillium camemberti	approved	Penicillium camemberti is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Penicillium camemberti extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10810	Penicillium expansum	approved	Penicillium expansum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Penicillium expansum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10811	Penicillium italicum	approved	Penicillium italicum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Penicillium italicum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10812	Penicillium roqueforti	approved	Penicillium roqueforti is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Penicillium roqueforti extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10813	Phoma destructiva	approved	Phoma destructiva is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Phoma destructiva extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10814	Rhizopus stolonifer	approved	Rhizopus stolonifer is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Rhizopus stolonifer extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10815	Fraxinus pennsylvanica pollen	approved	Fraxinus pennsylvanica pollen is the pollen of the Fraxinus pennsylvanica plant. Fraxinus pennsylvanica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10816	Atriplex confertifolia pollen	approved	Atriplex confertifolia pollen is the pollen of the Atriplex confertifolia plant. Atriplex confertifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10817	Passalora fulva	approved	Passalora fulva is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Passalora fulva extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10818	Cochliobolus spicifer	approved	Cochliobolus spicifer is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cochliobolus spicifer extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10819	Myrothecium verrucaria	approved	Myrothecium verrucaria is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Myrothecium verrucaria extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10820	Hypomyces perniciosus	approved	Hypomyces perniciosus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Hypomyces perniciosus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10821	Neurospora crassa	approved	Neurospora crassa is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Neurospora crassa extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10822	Paecilomyces variotii	approved	Paecilomyces variotii is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Paecilomyces variotii extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10823	Microascus brevicaulis	approved	Microascus brevicaulis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Microascus brevicaulis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10824	Colletotrichum coccodes	approved	Colletotrichum coccodes is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Colletotrichum coccodes extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10825	Pleospora herbarum	approved	Pleospora herbarum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Pleospora herbarum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10826	Streptomyces griseus	approved	Streptomyces griseus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10827	Trichoderma viride	approved	Trichoderma viride is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichoderma viride extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10828	Trichophyton schoenleinii	approved	Trichophyton schoenleinii is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichophyton schoenleinii extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10829	Basil	approved	Basil allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10830	Mung bean	approved	Mung bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10831	Betula papyrifera pollen	approved	Betula papyrifera pollen is the pollen of the Betula papyrifera plant. Betula papyrifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10832	Betula occidentalis pollen	approved	Betula occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Betula occidentalis plant. Betula occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10833	Betula alleghaniensis pollen	approved	Betula alleghaniensis pollen is the pollen of the Betula alleghaniensis plant. Betula alleghaniensis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10834	Ustilago cynodontis	approved	Ustilago cynodontis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Ustilago cynodontis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10835	Ustilago nuda hordei	approved	Ustilago nuda hordei is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Ustilago nuda hordei extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10836	Bromus secalinus pollen	approved	Bromus secalinus pollen is the pollen of the Bromus secalinus plant. Bromus secalinus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10837	Beta vulgaris pollen	approved	Beta vulgaris pollen is the pollen of the Beta vulgaris plant. Beta vulgaris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10838	Chenopodium botrys pollen	approved	Chenopodium botrys pollen is the pollen of the Chenopodium botrys plant. Chenopodium botrys pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10839	Mycocladus corymbiferus	approved	Mycocladus corymbiferus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Mycocladus corymbiferus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10840	Acrothecium robustum	approved	Acrothecium robustum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Acrothecium robustum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10841	Humicola grisea	approved	Humicola grisea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10842	Microsporum audouinii	approved	Microsporum audouinii is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Microsporum audouinii extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10843	Microsporum canis	approved	Microsporum canis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Microsporum canis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10844	Apiospora montagnei	approved	Apiospora montagnei is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Apiospora montagnei extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10845	Phycomyces blakesleeanus	approved	Phycomyces blakesleeanus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Phycomyces blakesleeanus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10846	Sporotrichum pruinosum	approved	Sporotrichum pruinosum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Sporotrichum pruinosum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10847	Stachybotrys chartarum	approved	Stachybotrys chartarum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Stachybotrys chartarum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10848	Syncephalastrum racemosum	approved	Syncephalastrum racemosum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Syncephalastrum racemosum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10849	Tetracoccosporium paxianum	approved	Tetracoccosporium paxianum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Tetracoccosporium paxianum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10850	Verticillium albo-atrum	approved	Verticillium albo-atrum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Verticillium albo-atrum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10851	White catfish	approved	White catfish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10852	Carob	approved	Carob allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10853	Sweet cherry	approved	Sweet cherry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10855	Opilio crab	approved	Opilio crab allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10856	Bos taurus hair	approved	Bos taurus hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10857	Serinus canaria feather	approved	Canary feather is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10858	Melilotus albus pollen	approved	Melilotus albus pollen is the pollen of the Melilotus albus plant. Melilotus albus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10859	Melilotus officinalis pollen	approved	Melilotus officinalis pollen is the pollen of the Melilotus officinalis plant. Melilotus officinalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10860	Typha latifolia pollen	approved	Typha latifolia pollen is the pollen of the Typha latifolia plant. Typha latifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10861	Atlantic cod	approved	Atlantic cod allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10862	Red currant	approved	Red currant allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10864	Cumin	approved	Cumin allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10865	Cladosporium herbarum	approved	Cladosporium herbarum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cladosporium herbarum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10866	Acheta domesticus	approved	House cricket allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10867	Canis lupus familiaris hair	approved	Domestic dog hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10868	Odocoileus virginianus hair	approved	White-tailed deer hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10869	Grain mill dust	approved	Grain mill dust allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10870	Epidermophyton floccosum	approved	Epidermophyton floccosum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Epidermophyton floccosum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10871	Ambrosia dumosa pollen	approved	Ambrosia dumosa pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia dumosa plant. Ambrosia dumosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10872	Ambrosia confertiflora pollen	approved	Ambrosia confertiflora pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia confertiflora plant. Ambrosia confertiflora pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10873	Sporisorium cruentum	approved	Sporisorium cruentum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Sporisorium cruentum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10874	Goose	approved	Goose allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10875	Concord grape	approved	Concord grape allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10876	Capra hircus hair	approved	Domestic goat hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10877	Cavia porcellus hair	approved	Guinea pig hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10879	Arrhenatherum elatius pollen	approved	Arrhenatherum elatius pollen is the pollen of the Arrhenatherum elatius plant. Arrhenatherum elatius pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10880	Equus caballus hair	approved	Horse hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10881	Sus scrofa hair	approved	Wild boar hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10882	Carya cordiformis pollen	approved	Carya cordiformis pollen is the pollen of the Carya cordiformis plant. Carya cordiformis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10883	Carya glabra pollen	approved	Carya glabra pollen is the pollen of the Carya glabra plant. Carya glabra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10884	Millet seed	approved	Millet seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10885	Mustard greens	approved	Mustard greens allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10886	Quercus muehlenbergii pollen	approved	Quercus muehlenbergii pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10887	Quercus palustris pollen	approved	Quercus palustris pollen is the pollen of the Quercus palustris plant. Quercus palustris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10888	Quercus stellata pollen	approved	Quercus stellata pollen is the pollen of the Quercus stellata plant. Quercus stellata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10889	Quercus garryana pollen	approved	Quercus garryana pollen is the pollen of the Quercus garryana plant. Quercus garryana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10890	Red bell pepper	approved	Red bell pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10891	Perch	approved	Perch allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10892	Pumpkin	approved	Pumpkin allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10893	Melopsittacus undulatus feather	approved	Melopsittacus undulatus feather is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10894	Pinus contorta pollen	approved	Pinus contorta pollen is the pollen of the Pinus contorta plant. Pinus contorta pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10895	Pinus sylvestris pollen	approved	Pinus sylvestris pollen is the pollen of the Pinus sylvestris plant. Pinus sylvestris pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10896	Pinus rigida pollen	approved	Pinus rigida pollen is the pollen of the Pinus rigida plant. Pinus rigida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10897	Capsicum	approved	Capsicum (Chili pepper) allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10898	Oryctolagus cuniculus hair	approved	European rabbit hair is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10899	Sequoia sempervirens pollen	approved	Sequoia sempervirens pollen is the pollen of the Sequoia sempervirens plant. Sequoia sempervirens pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10900	Rumex obtusifolius pollen	approved	Rumex obtusifolius pollen is the pollen of the Rumex obtusifolius plant. Rumex obtusifolius pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10901	Rumex altissimus pollen	approved	Rumex altissimus pollen is the pollen of the Rumex altissimus plant. Rumex altissimus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10902	Rumex salicifolius var. mexicanus pollen	approved	Rumex salicifolius var. mexicanus pollen is the pollen of the Rumex salicifolius var. mexicanus plant. Rumex salicifolius var. mexicanus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10903	Sitotroga cerealella	approved	Sitotroga cerealella allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10904	English sole	approved	English sole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10905	Safflower	approved	Safflower allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10906	Sugarcane	approved	Sugarcane allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10907	Sunflower seed	approved	Sunflower seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10908	Platanus hybrida pollen	approved	Platanus hybrida pollen is the pollen of the Platanus hybrida plant. Platanus hybrida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10909	Artemisia californica pollen	approved	Artemisia californica pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia californica plant. Artemisia californica pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10910	Helianthus annuus pollen	approved	Helianthus annuus pollen is the pollen of the Helianthus annuus plant. Helianthus annuus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10911	Carpinus caroliniana pollen	approved	Carpinus caroliniana pollen is the pollen of the Carpinus caroliniana plant. Carpinus caroliniana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10912	Picea pungens pollen	approved	Picea pungens pollen is the pollen of the Picea pungens plant. Picea pungens pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10913	Starch, tapioca	approved	Starch, tapioca allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10914	Larix occidentalis pollen	approved	Larix occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Larix occidentalis plant. Larix occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10915	Trichophyton rubrum	approved	Trichophyton rubrum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichophyton rubrum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10916	Salix lucida ssp. lasiandra pollen	approved	Salix lucida ssp. lasiandra pollen is the pollen of the Salix lucida ssp. lasiandra plant. Salix lucida ssp. lasiandra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10917	Juniperus virginiana	approved	Juniperus virginiana allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10918	Venison	approved	Venison allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10919	Black walnut	approved	Black walnut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10921	Artemisia dracunculus pollen	approved	Artemisia dracunculus pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia dracunculus plant. Artemisia dracunculus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10922	Pinus banksiana pollen	approved	Pinus banksiana pollen is the pollen of the Pinus banksiana plant. Pinus banksiana pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10923	Pinus resinosa pollen	approved	Pinus resinosa pollen is the pollen of the Pinus resinosa plant. Pinus resinosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10924	Pinus nigra pollen	approved	Pinus nigra pollen is the pollen of the Pinus nigra plant. Pinus nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10925	Pinus thunbergii pollen	approved	Pinus thunbergii pollen is the pollen of the Pinus thunbergii plant. Pinus thunbergii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10926	Carya tomentosa pollen	approved	Carya tomentosa pollen is the pollen of the Carya tomentosa plant. Carya tomentosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10927	Iva annua pollen	approved	Iva annua pollen is the pollen of the Iva annua plant. Iva annua pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10928	Bassia scoparia pollen	approved	Bassia scoparia pollen is the pollen of the Bassia scoparia plant. Bassia scoparia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10929	Cyclachaena xanthifolia pollen	approved	Cyclachaena xanthifolia pollen is the pollen of the Cyclachaena xanthifolia plant. Cyclachaena xanthifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10930	Amaranthus retroflexus whole	approved	Amaranthus retroflexus whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10932	Cephalosporium roseum	approved	Cephalosporium roseum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10933	Cochliobolus lunatus	approved	Cochliobolus lunatus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cochliobolus lunatus extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10934	Haematonectria haematococca	approved	Haematonectria haematococca is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Haematonectria haematococca extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10935	Chrysonilia sitophila	approved	Chrysonilia sitophila is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Chrysonilia sitophila extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10936	Pleospora betae	approved	Pleospora betae is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Pleospora betae extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10937	Puccinia striiformis var. striiformis	approved	Puccinia striiformis var. striiformis is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Puccinia striiformis var. striiformis extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10939	Pleospora tarda	approved	Pleospora tarda allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10940	Acacia pollen	approved	Acacia pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10941	Bassia hyssopifolia pollen	approved	Bassia hyssopifolia pollen is the pollen of the Bassia hyssopifolia plant. Bassia hyssopifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10942	Brassica rapa pollen	approved	Brassica rapa pollen is the pollen of the Brassica rapa plant. Brassica rapa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10943	Callistemon citrinus pollen	approved	Callistemon citrinus pollen is the pollen of the Callistemon citrinus plant. Callistemon citrinus pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10945	Dicoria canescens pollen	approved	Dicoria canescens pollen is the pollen of the Dicoria canescens plant. Dicoria canescens pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10946	Krascheninnikovia lanata pollen	approved	Krascheninnikovia lanata pollen is the pollen of the Krascheninnikovia lanata plant. Krascheninnikovia lanata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10947	Ambrosia ambrosioides pollen	approved	Ambrosia ambrosioides pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia ambrosioides plant. Ambrosia ambrosioides pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10948	Ambrosia chamissonis pollen	approved	Ambrosia chamissonis pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia chamissonis plant. Ambrosia chamissonis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10949	Koeleria macrantha pollen	approved	Koeleria macrantha pollen is the pollen of the Koeleria macrantha plant. Koeleria macrantha pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10950	Phoenix dactylifera pollen	approved	Phoenix dactylifera pollen is the pollen of the Phoenix dactylifera plant. Phoenix dactylifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10952	Quercus dumosa pollen	approved	Quercus dumosa pollen is the pollen of the Quercus dumosa plant. Quercus dumosa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10953	Suaeda moquinii pollen	approved	Suaeda moquinii pollen is the pollen of the Suaeda moquinii plant. Suaeda moquinii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10954	Tilia cordata pollen	approved	Tilia cordata pollen is the pollen of the Tilia cordata plant. Tilia cordata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10955	Apis mellifera venom	approved	Apis mellifera venom is an extract of Apis mellifera venom. Apis mellifera venom is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10956	Vespula maculifrons venom protein	approved	Vespula maculifrons venom protein is an extract of Vespula maculifrons venom. Vespula maculifrons venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10957	Dolichovespula arenaria venom protein	approved	Dolichovespula arenaria venom protein is an extract of Dolichovespula arenaria venom. Dolichovespula arenaria venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10958	Dolichovespula maculata venom protein	approved	Dolichovespula maculata venom protein is an extract of Dolichovespula maculata venom. Dolichovespula maculata venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10959	Polistes fuscatus venom protein	approved	Polistes fuscatus venom protein is an extract of Polistes fuscatus venom. Polistes fuscatus venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10961	Hordeum vulgare pollen	approved	Hordeum vulgare pollen is the pollen of the Hordeum vulgare plant. Hordeum vulgare pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10962	Agrostis stolonifera pollen	approved	Agrostis stolonifera pollen is the pollen of the Agrostis stolonifera plant. Agrostis stolonifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10963	Phalaris minor pollen	approved	Phalaris minor pollen is the pollen of the Phalaris minor plant. Phalaris minor pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10964	Lolium perenne subsp. multiflorum pollen	approved	Lolium perenne subsp. multiflorum pollen is the pollen of the Lolium perenne subsp. multiflorum plant. Lolium perenne subsp. multiflorum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10965	Sorghum bicolor subsp. bicolor pollen	approved	Sorghum bicolor subsp. bicolor pollen is the pollen of the Sorghum bicolor subsp. bicolor plant. Sorghum bicolor subsp. bicolor pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10966	Sorghum bicolor subsp. drummondii pollen	approved	Sorghum bicolor subsp. drummondii pollen is the pollen of the Sorghum bicolor subsp. drummondii plant. Sorghum bicolor subsp. drummondii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10967	Amphiachyris dracunculoides pollen	approved	Amphiachyris dracunculoides pollen is the pollen of the Amphiachyris dracunculoides plant. Amphiachyris dracunculoides pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10968	Iva angustifolia pollen	approved	Iva angustifolia pollen is the pollen of the Iva angustifolia plant. Iva angustifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10969	Neurospora sitophila	approved	Neurospora sitophila is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Neurospora sitophila extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10970	Trichophyton tonsurans	approved	Trichophyton tonsurans is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichophyton tonsurans extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10971	Mycogone nigra	approved	Mycogone nigra allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10972	Absidia capillata	approved	Absidia capillata allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10973	Thermomyces lanuginosus	approved	Thermomyces lanuginosus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10974	Trichosporon cutaneum	approved	Trichosporon cutaneum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10975	Tanacetum cinerariifolium flower	approved	Tanacetum cinerariifolium flower allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10976	Largemouth bass	approved	Largemouth bass allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10977	Cocoa	approved	Cocoa allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10979	Blue crab	approved	Blue crab allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10980	Barley malt	approved	Barley malt allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10981	Radish	approved	Radish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10982	Sage	approved	Sage allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10983	Thyme	approved	Thyme allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10984	Peppermint	approved	Peppermint allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10985	Ulmus rubra pollen	approved	Ulmus rubra pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10986	Pseudotsuga menziesii pollen	approved	Pseudotsuga menziesii pollen is the pollen of the Pseudotsuga menziesii plant. Pseudotsuga menziesii pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10987	Carya laciniosa pollen	approved	Carya laciniosa pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB10988	Maclura pomifera pollen	approved	Maclura pomifera pollen is the pollen of the Maclura pomifera plant. Maclura pomifera pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB10989	Hepatitis A Vaccine	approved	Hepatitis A viral infection can lead to significant morbidity and mortality, with signs and symptoms that include anorexia, nausea, vomiting, and liver failure.[A199182] Known by several trade names, such as Havrix and Twinrix, the Hepatitis A vaccine has been formulated for immunization against hepatitis A virus (HAV) infection and safely confers strong protection against the disease caused by infection with this virus.[A199185,L12756] In the US, the approved vaccine is inactivated while live Hepatitis A vaccines are currently available in other countries.[L13392]		
DB10990	Haemophilus influenzae type B strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved,investigational	Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is an active immunization as a booster dose given intramuscularly to pediatric patients who have received a primary series with a Haemophilus b Conjugate Vaccine that is licensed for primarly immunization. The vaccine contains Haemophilus b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate [PRP]), which is a high molecular weight polymer prepared from the *Haemophilus influenzae* type b strain 20,752. These are heat inactivated and purified.		
DB10991	Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated)	approved	Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine that is used in the prophylaxis of Pertussis (whooping cough), which is caused by a small Gram-negative coccobacillus that infects the mucosal layers of the human respiratory tract.		
DB10992	Bordetella pertussis pertactin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved			
DB10994	Human papillomavirus type 16 L1 capsid protein residues 2-471 antigen	approved,investigational			
DB10995	Human papillomavirus type 18 l1 capsid protein residues 2-472 antigen	approved,investigational			
DB10996	Influenza A virus A/Christchurch/16/2010 NIB-74XP (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10997	Autologous cultured chondrocytes	approved,investigational	Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.		
DB10998	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/10/2010 (H1N1) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB10999	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223A (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11000	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11001	Influenza A virus A/South Australia/55/2014 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11002	Influenza B virus B/Utah/9/2014 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11003	Anthrax vaccine	approved	Anthrax vaccine is a vaccine used for the pre- or post-exposure prophylaxis of disease in at high risk of, suspected or confirmed exposure to *Bacillus anthracis*. It is subcutaneously or intramuscularly administered. It is derived from cell-free filtrates of microaerophilic cultures of an avirulent, nonencapsulated strain of Bacillus anthracis which are grown in a chemically defined protein-free medium [FDA Label].		
DB11004	Betula pendula pollen	approved	Betula pendula pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11005	Ulmus parvifolia pollen	approved	Ulmus parvifolia pollen is the pollen of the Ulmus parvifolia plant. Ulmus parvifolia pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB11006	Parkinsonia florida pollen	approved	Parkinsonia florida pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11007	Cytisus scoparius flowering top	approved	Cytisus scoparius flowering top allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11008	Poultry	approved	Poultry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11009	Quahog, unspecified	approved	Quahog, unspecified allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11010	Cod, unspecified	approved	Cod, unspecified allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11011	Crab leg	approved	Crab leg allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11014	Salmon, unspecified	approved	Salmon, unspecified allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11017	Yeast	approved	Yeast allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11018	Canis lupus familiaris dander	approved	Canis lupus familiaris dander is the dander of Canis lupus familiaris. Canis lupus familiaris dander is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11019	Cavia porcellus dander	approved	Cavia porcellus dander allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11020	Bos taurus dander	approved	Bos taurus dander allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11021	Equus caballus dander	approved	Equus caballus dander is the dander of Equus caballus. Equus caballus dander is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11022	Aspergillus nidulans	approved	Aspergillus nidulans is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus nidulans extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11023	Penicillium digitatum	approved	Penicillium digitatum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11024	Clonostachys rosea f. rosea	approved	Clonostachys rosea f. rosea allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11025	Dendryphiella vinosa	approved	Dendryphiella vinosa is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Dendryphiella vinosa extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11026	Solenopsis richteri	approved	Solenopsis richteri allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing. It is extracted from the black imported fire ant which is native to South Amercia. The species has also been introduced in North Amercia. When stung, the bites are characterized by sterile pustules that are surrounded by reddened swelling along with redness extending beyond.		
DB11027	Polistes annularis venom protein	approved	Polistes annularis venom protein is an extract of Polistes annularis venom. Polistes annularis venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11028	Polistes exclamans venom protein	approved	Polistes exclamans venom protein is an extract of Polistes exclamans venom. Polistes exclamans venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11029	Polistes metricus venom protein	approved	Polistes metricus venom protein is an extract of Polistes metricus venom. Polistes metricus venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11030	Vespula germanica venom protein	approved	Vespula germanica venom protein is an extract of Vespula germanica venom. Vespula germanica venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11031	Vespula pensylvanica venom protein	approved	Vespula pensylvanica venom protein is an extract of Vespula pensylvanica venom. Vespula pensylvanica venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11032	Vespula squamosa venom protein	approved	Vespula squamosa venom protein is an extract of Vespula squamosa venom. Vespula squamosa venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11033	Vespula vulgaris venom protein	approved	Vespula vulgaris venom protein is an extract of Vespula vulgaris venom. Vespula vulgaris venom protein is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11034	Influenza A virus A/Bolivia/559/2013 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11035	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11036	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11037	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11038	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/59/2007(H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11039	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11040	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11041	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-181 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11042	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11043	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11044	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11045	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11046	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 BX-51B antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11047	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11048	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009(H1N1)-like hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB11050	Typhoid Vaccine Live	approved	Salmonella typhi Ty21a live antigen is a live attenuated vaccine for oral administration only. It contains the attenuated strain *Salmonella typhi* Ty21a. The vaccine prevents the development of typhoid fever, an acute, febrile enteric disease caused by *Salmonella typhi* by inducing a local immune response in the intestinal tract.		
DB11051	Azficel-T	approved,investigational	Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [A31920, A31926]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [A31927]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.		
DB11054	Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell	approved	Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells consist of hematopoietic progenitor cells, monocytes, lymphocytes, and granulocytes from human cord blood. They are used during allogeneic unrelated and related hematopoietic stem cell transplantation procedures in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment. Human umbilical cord is a rich source of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells that are capable of proliferation _in vitro_. Active and viable hematopoietic progenitor cells, or hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) express the cell surface marker CD34 which is critical for cell identification [A32216]. Upon division and maturation at the bone marrow following intravenous administration to the patient, hematopoietic progenitor cells enter the systemic circulation to restore blood counts and function [FDA Label].After the first cord blood transplant in 1988 in a patient with Fanconi anemia [A32220], the use of umbilical cord blood transplantation was increased in clinical settings. Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells can be collected from both related or unrelated donors. The unrelated donor transplant setting has several advantages over related donor transplant and bone marrow transplantation; it allows shorter time to transplant and tolerance of 1–2 human leukocyte antigen mismatch due to expanded donor pool, which increases the chance of finding a suitable donor, particularly in patients requiring urgent transplantation [A32219]. Other advantages of HSC transplantation include a lower risk of transmitting infections by latent viruses and improved targeting of ethnic minorities increased pool of rare haplotypes [A32219]. Umbilical cord blood cell transplantation was also associated with reduced incidence and severity of graft versus host disease (GVHD) thus improved survival rates of transplant patients compared to allogeneic bone marrow transplant setting, which may be due to "naive" nature of lymphocytes [A32223]. Hemacord is marketed in the U.S. as an allogeneic cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell therapy for intravenous use.		
DB11056	Stannous chloride	approved	Stannous chloride is used as a source of tin in radiopharmaceutical kits. Tin reduces technetium-99m, the active radiological agent, allowing it to form a complex with phosphate-containing moeities [A32700]. These complexes localize primarily in bone (40-50%) and infracted myocardium (0.01-0.02%/g of tissue) allowing for imaging of areas of altered osteogenesis or necrotic heart tissue [FDA Label].		
DB11057	Mineral oil	approved,vet_approved	Mineral oil, or paraffin oil, is a mixture of higher alkanes from a mineral source, such as petroleum. Petroleum mineral oil is manufactured from crude oils by vacuum distillation to produce several distillates and a residual oil that are then further refined. During the modern refining process, aromatics are reduced by solvent extraction, catalytic hydrotreating, or hydrocracking. Unrefined or mildly treated mineral oils are classified as Group 3 carcinogens by the World Health Organizations, as chronic exposure to these aromatics including alkylated polycyclic aromatic compounds (PAC) can lead to skin cancer. Mineral oil is a common ingredient in baby lotions, cold creams, ointments and cosmetics to treat and prevent dry, rough, scaly, itchy skin and minor skin irritations. It is also used as a mild laxative for human or veterinary uses.		
DB11058	Petrolatum	approved,investigational	A colloidal system of semisolid hydrocarbons obtained from petroleum. It is used as an ointment base, topical protectant, and lubricant.		
DB11059	Carboxymethylcellulose	approved,investigational	Carboxymethylcellulose is a cellulose derivative that consists of the cellulose backbone made up of glucopyranose monomers and their hydroxyl groups bound to carboxymethyl groups. It is added in food products as a viscosity modifier or thickener and emulsifier. It is also one of the most common viscous polymers used in artificial tears, and has shown to be effective in the treatment of aqueous tear-deficient dry eye symptoms and ocular surface staining [A33029]. The viscous and mucoadhesive properties as well as its anionic charge allow prolonged retention time in the ocular surface [A33029]. Sodium carboxymethylcellulose is the most commonly used salt.		
DB11060	Polyvinyl alcohol	approved	Polyvinyl alcohol is a water-soluble synthetic polymer obtained by polymerization of vinyl alcohol. It has varying roles in commercial and industrial applications such as papermaking, textiles, and printing. Polyvinyl alcohol is found in ophthalmic solutions as a lubricant to prevent irritation or to relieve dryness of the eyes [L2826].		
DB11061	Povidone	approved	Providone, also known as polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) or polyvidone, is a synthetic water-soluble polymer made from the monomer N-vinylpyrrolidone that is used as a binder in many pharmaceutical tablets and lubricant in eye drops. It is also used in many technical applications with various roles as an adhesive, additive, and emulsifier. When in complex with iodine, [DB06812] displays antiseptic properties where the iodine, a bactericidal component, mainly contributes to this effect and povidone acts as a carrier [A32988]. [DB06812] can be found in over-the-counter topical solutions, ointment, pessaries, liquid soaps and surgical scrubs. The clinical effectiveness of [DB06812] on wound healing remains somewhat controversial, as it was demonstrated in few clinical studies that application of the compound in wounds was associated with impaired wound healing, reduced wound strength, or infection in open wounds [A32988].		
DB11062	Octisalate	approved,investigational	Also known as Ethylhexyl Salicylate. Octyl salicylate is an oil soluble chemical sunscreen agent that absorbs UVB radiation. It does not protect against UVA. Octyl salicylate is used to augment the UVB protection in a sunscreen. Salicylates are weak UVB absorbers and they are generally used in combination with other UV filters. Octyl salicylate appears to have a good safety profile. It covers wavelength in the range 295-315 nm, peak at 307-310 nm. It is an ester of salicylic  acid and 2-ethylhexanol. The salicylate portion of the molecule absorbs ultraviolet light to protect skin from the harmful effects of exposure to sunlight, while the ethylhexanol portion functions as an emollient.		
DB11063	Polysorbate 80	approved	Polysorbate, a substance formulated by the reaction of sorbitan fatty acid ester (a nonionic surfactant) with ethylene oxide, is used in many foreign countries, including the U.S. and the EU, where it acts as an emulsifier, a solubilizer in many foods, including bread, cake mix, salad dressing, shortening oil and chocolate [L1856].Polysorbate 80 is a hydrophilic nonionic surfactant. It is utilized as a surfactant in soaps and cosmetics and also as a lubricant in eye drops. In food or pharmaceutical products, it can act as an emulsifier. Polysorbate 80 is an excipient that is used to stabilize aqueous formulations of medications for parenteral administration or vaccinations.[L1852]A solubilizing agent acts as a surfactant and increases the solubility of one agent in another. A substance that would not normally dissolve in a particular solution is able to dissolve with the use of a solubilizing agent.[L1852]It is also known as an emulsifier, which helps ingredients mix together and prevent separation, and water-containing small amounts of salts, and is included in several vaccines licensed in the USA.[L1844]		
DB11064	Homosalate	approved,investigational	Homosalate is an organic compound that belongs to salicylates. It is an ester formed from salicylic acid and 3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexanol, a derivative of cyclohexanol. Salicylates prevent direct skin exposure to the sun’s harmful rays by absorbing ultraviolet (UV) light. Homosalate specifically absorbs short-wave UVB rays, which are associated with DNA damage and increased risk of skin cancer. It is a common ingredient in many commercially available sunscreens. There are no reported adverse effects from homosalate.		
DB11065	Pancrelipase amylase	approved	Pancrelipase, in general, is composed of a mixture of pancreatic enzymes which include amylases, lipases, and proteases. These enzymes are extracted from porcine pancreatic glands.[L2509] The amylases are enzymes that help in the chemical process of digestion by hydrolizing starch into more available saccharide forms.[T177] The pancrelipase amylase is a single polypeptide chain containing two SH groups and four disulfide bridges.[L2512] The pancrelipase mixture, including pancrelipase amylase, was developed by Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc and FDA approved on April 12, 2010.[L2510]		
DB11066	Pancrelipase protease	approved	Pancrelipase, in general, is composed of a mixture of pancreatic enzymes which include amylases, lipases, and proteases. These enzymes are extracted from porcine pancreatic glands.[L2509] The pancrelipase protease is a mix of enzymes, formed by trypsin and chymotrypsin, that proteolytically cleave peptide bonds and are involved in food digestion.[A32742, L2543] The pancrelipase mixture, including pancrelipase protease, was developed by Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc and FDA approved on April 12, 2010.[L2510]		
DB11067	Heme iron polypeptide	investigational			
DB11068	Selenic acid	approved	Selenic acid is an organic compound with the chemical formula H2SeO4. It may be found in over-the-counter daily dietary supplements as a source of [DB11135], an essential trace mineral for human health.		
DB11069	Schizochytrium DHA oil	experimental			
DB11071	Phenyl salicylate	approved	Phenyl salicylate is a 2-hydroxybenzoic acid phenyl ester. It is utilized in some manufacturing processes of polymers, lacquers, adhesives, waxes, as well as polishes. It is an active ingredient in some pharmaceutical products as a mild analgesic for pain relief by releasing salicylate (found in [DB00945] ). Phenyl salicylate may also be found in some antiseptic agents [L2467]. It is synthesized by heating salicylic acid with phenol [L2468], [MSDS].Phenyl salicylate is used as a food additive in the USA [L2479].This compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone) [L2477].		
DB11072	Hydrogen fluoride	approved,investigational	Hydrogen fluoride (Hydrofluoric acid) is a weak acid that is a precursor to almost all fluorine compounds, including pharmaceuticals such as [DB00472] (Prozac). It is used as a chemical reagent in several industrial processes such as oil refinery. It is also used as etchant, cleaning agent, and a reagent to dissolve oxides and silicates.		
DB11073	Cetylpyridinium	approved	Cetylpyridinium is a quaternary ammonium with broad-spectrum antiseptic properties. Its salt form, cetylpyridinium chloride, is typically found as an active ingredient in mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. In these products, it generally mediates an antiseptic activity and protective action against dental plaque and reducing gingivitis.		
DB11074	Dimethicone	approved	Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [L1771, L1773].A  study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [L1767].		
DB11075	Hypromellose	approved	Hypromellose, or hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) [L1812], is a semisynthetic, inert,  and viscoelastic polymer that forms a colloid solution when dissolved in water. It acts as a thickening agent, coating polymer, bioadhesive, solubility enhancer in solid dispersions, and binder in the process of granulation and in modified release formulations [A24840]. It is a commonly used as a delivery component in oral pharmaceutical products that provides the release of a drug in a controlled fashion, effectively increasing the duration of release of a drug to prolong its therapeutic effects [A24839]. Hypromellose is also found in eye drops as a lubricant [L1803].		
DB11077	Polyethylene glycol 400	approved	Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners.[L1787]Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [L1785]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [L1788].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [L1788].		
DB11079	Trolamine salicylate	approved	Trolamine salicylate is an organic compound or a salt formed between triethanolamine and salicylic acid. Triethanolamine neutralizes the acidity of the salicylic acid. It is a topical analgesic used for temporary relief of minor pain associated with arthritis, simple backache, muscle strains, sprains, and bruises. Unlike other topical analgesics, trolamine salicylate has no distinct odor which improves patient acceptability [A32189]. It also displays low systemic absorption upon dermal or topical administration [A32190] and has low skin irritant properties [A32191]. As with other salicylates, trolamine salicylate is an inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase (COX) enzymes with no reported selectivity towards a specific enzyme isoform. Trolamine salicylate serves as an active ingredient in topical over-the-counter products for temporary management of mild to moderate muscular and joint pains.		
DB11080	Silver nitrate	approved,investigational	Silver nitrate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula AgNO3. In its solid form, silver nitrate is coordinated in a trigonal planar arrangement. It is often used as a precursor to other silver-containing compounds. It is used in making photographic films, and in laboratory setting as a staining agent in protein visualization in PAGE gels and in scanning electron microscopy.		
DB11081	Aluminum chloride	approved,investigational	Aluminum chloride is a chemical compound with the chemical formula AlCl3. When contaminated with iron chloride, it often displays a yellow color compared to the white pure compound. It is used in various chemical applications as a Lewis base, with anhydrous aluminium trichloride being the most commonly used Lewis acid. It may also be found in over-the-counter as an antiperspirant or prescription products as an antihemorrhagic agent. In antiperspirant products, FDA approves the use of aluminum chloride as an active ingredient up to 15%, calculated on the hexahydrate form, in an aqueous solution nonaerosol dosage form [L2012].		
DB11082	Coal tar	approved	Coal tar is a brown or black liquid of extremely high viscosity. Coal tar is among the by-products when coal is carbonized to make coke or gasified to make coal gas. Coal tars are complex and variable mixtures of phenols, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and heterocyclic compounds.It has been indicated for local relief of itching, dryness, and irritation caused by psoriasis, seborrhea and eczema.		
DB11085	Resorcinol	approved	Resorcinol is a 1,3-isomer (or meta-isomer) of benzenediol with the formula C6H4(OH)2. It is used as an antiseptic and disinfectant in topical pharmaceutical products in the treatment of skin disorders and infections such as acne, seborrheic dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, corns, calluses, and warts. It exerts a keratolytic activity. Resorcinol works by helping to remove hard, scaly, or roughened skin.Although it is primarily indicated for use as a topical application, resorcinol also possesses a well-documented anti-thyroidal activity that is generally not relied upon for any kind of formal therapeutic indication.		
DB11086	Cocoa butter	approved	Cocoa butter is an edible natural fat obtained from the _Theobroma cocoa_ seeds that is predominantly found in dark chocolate [A33033]. It is a rich source of monounsaturated and saturated fatty acids [A33040] that mainly contains approximately 33% [DB04224], 25% [DB03796], and 33% [DB03193] [A20409] but does not contain caffeine or theobromine. Fat cocoa solids, including cocoa butter, have lower phenolic content than non-fat cocoa solids but may contain some polyphenols of different structures of flavonoids with antioxidant properties [A33041].Cocoa butter is included in chocolate and other food products, and can also be found in over-the-counter skin products such as lotions, creams, and bars intended to maintain skin softness. While cocoa butter has skin moisturizing properties, it was not shown to reduce the likelihood of developing of striae gravidarum, or stretch marks, in a double-blind, randomized clinical trial of women in the first trimester [A33031]. Still, it is a common active ingredient for prevention of skin dryness in cosmetic and skincare products. Oftentimes cocoa butter is used in over-the-counter pharmaceutical products and suppositories. The lipid-lowering effects of cocoa butter have been studied and investigated, as fatty acid constituents of cocoa butter are known to exhibit lipid-lowering properties. Dyslipidemia is characterized by elevated levels of plasma triglyceride and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol due to overproduction of large triglyceride-enriched VLDL cholesterol particles [A20409]. Cocoa butter has shown to reduce VLDL cholesterol levels in animal studies, suggesting its potential use in lipid disorders.		
DB11087	Pyrethrum extract	approved	Pyrethrum is the crude extract form obtained from flowers of the plant Chrysanthemum cinerariifolium. Pyrethrin refers to a more refined extract of pyrethrum. While pyrethrum extract is composed of 6 esters, both organic compounds mediate insecticidal activities. Pyrethrum-containing mixtures are used as a common insecticide to control specific pest species. Pyrethrum extract is also used used to treat head, body, and pubic lice infections. The active compound is absorbed by the lice and destroys them by acting on their nervous systems but is thought to exert minimal effect on humans.		
DB11088	Shark liver oil	experimental	Shark oil is extracted from the livers of sharks, which can account for up to 25% of their total body weight. The 3 main targeted species are the deep sea shark (Centrophorus squamosus), the dogfish (Sqaulus acanthias), and the basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus). Shark oil is a rich source of alkylglycerols and squalene, with relatively low amounts of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. However the major component is considered to be squalene, which may range up to 90% of the shark oil, depending on the species. The potential benefit of shark oil has been experimented in different therapeutic implications, where it is claimed to improve immune responses and exert an antitumor activity.		
DB11089	Docusate	approved	Docusate, or dioctyl sulfosuccinate, is a stool softener indicated for the treatment of constipation[A32201]. Docusate acts by increasing the amount of water the stool absorbs in the gut, making the stool softer and easier to pass [L1801]. Docusate can be orally or rectally administered. Docusate is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines[L5915]. However the effectiveness of docusate in treating constipation remains unclear, as several studies report docusate to be no more effective than placebo for increasing the frequency of stool or stool softening [A32200,A32202,A176987]. Recently there has been pressure to stop prescribing docusate as it has been identified as an ineffective medicine[A176972,A176987,L5912]. Additionally, it does not appear to lessen symptoms associated with constipation such as abdominal cramps. Still docusate is available in over-the-counter products as a common laxative.		
DB11090	Potassium nitrate	approved	Potassium nitrate is an inorganic salt with a chemical formula of KNO3. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [L1754, L1755].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [L1736].		
DB11091	Hydrogen peroxide	approved,vet_approved	Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [L2024]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [L2024]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [A32369]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [L2024]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.		
DB11092	Stannous fluoride	approved	Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [A19581]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [A19580], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [A19582, A19583] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [A19581]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.		
DB11093	Calcium citrate	approved,investigational	Calcium citrate is a salt typically used as a source of calcium in a variety of over the counter supplements.		
DB11094	Vitamin D	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Vitamin D ultimately comprises a group of lipid-soluble secosteroids responsible for a variety of biological effects, some of which include increasing the intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate. With reference to human use, there are 2 main forms of vitamin D - vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol). When non-specific references are made about 'vitamin d', the references are usually about the use of vitamin D3 and/or D2.Vitamin D3 and D2 require hydroxylation in order to become biologically active in the human body. Since vitamin D can be endogenously synthesized in adequate amounts by most mammals exposed to sufficient quantities of sunlight, vitamin D functions like a hormone on vitamin D receptors to regulate calcium in opposition to parathyroid hormone. Vitamin D plays an essential physiological role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and metabolism. There are several different vitamin D supplements that are given to treat or to prevent osteomalacia and rickets, or to meet the daily criteria of vitamin D consumption.		
DB11095	Desirudin	approved	Desirudin is a direct inhibitor of human thrombin. It has a protein structure that is similar to that of hirudin, the naturally occurring anticoagulant present in the peripharyngeal glands in the medicinal leech, Hirudo medicinalis. Hirudin is a single polypeptide chain of 65 amino acids residues and contains three disulfide bridges. Desirudin has a chemical formula of C287H440N80O110S6 with a molecular weight of 6963.52.It is mainly indicated for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis in hip replacement surgery patients. Common side effects include: Bleeding gums, collection of blood under the skin, coughing up blood, deep, dark purple bruise and difficulty with breathing or swallowing.		
DB11096	Meradimate	approved	Meradimate, before known as menthyl anthranilate, is used in a maximal concentration of 5% in different products as a UV filter.[T200] It is currently required to be named as meradimate in all FDA approved OTC products. Meradimate is approved by the FDA and Health Canada to be used as an ingredient in sunblocking products.[L1113, L2748]		
DB11097	Plantago seed	approved,investigational	Platango seeds refer to the seeds collected from various species of plantago trees. It is found in some laxatives for treating occasional constipation and restoring regularity in bowel movements. Its potential benefit in maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis has been studied [A27156].Regardless, this agent is most predominantly used as a gentle laxative agent in many parts of the world that is more commonly referred as psyllium or psyllium husk.		
DB11098	Potassium bicarbonate	approved	Potassium bicarbonate is a white, crystalline, slightly alkaline and salty substance. It is produced by the passage of carbon dioxide through an aqueous potassium carbonate solution. It is used in medicine as an antacid.[T141] It is registered in the FDA under the section of suitable, safe and effective ingredients for OTC antacids.[L1836] This FDA denomination classifies potassium bicarbonate as a GRAS ingredient.[L1837]		
DB11099	Crypthecodinium cohnii DHA oil	experimental			
DB11100	Allantoin	approved	Allantoin is a substance that is endogenous to the human body and also found as a normal component of human diets [FDA Label]. In healthy human volunteers, the mean plasma concentration of allantoin is about 2-3 mg/l. During exercise, the plasma allantoin concentration rapidly increases about two fold and remains elevated [FDA Label]. In human muscle, urate is oxidized to allantoin during such exercise [FDA Label]. The concentration of allantoin in muscles increases from a resting value of about 5000 ug/kg to about 16000 ug/kg immediately after short-term exhaustive cycling exercise [FDA Label]. More specifically, allantoin is a diureide of glyoxylic acid that is produced from uric acid. It is a major metabolic intermediate in most organisms. Allantoin is found in OTC cosmetic products and other commercial products such as oral hygiene products, in shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, sun care products, and clarifying lotions [A32213]. Allantoin has also demonstrated to ameliorate the wound healing process in some studies [A23498].		
DB11102	N-acetyltyrosine	approved	N-acetyltyrosine, also referred to as N-acetyl-L-tyrosine, is used in place of as a tyrosine precursor. [DB00135] is a non-essential amino acid with a polar side group. N-acetyltyrosine is administered as parenteral nutrition or intravenous infusion due to its enhanced solubility compared to tyrosine [A32652]. It is typically administered as a source of nutritional support where oral nutrition is inadequate or cannot be tolerated.		
DB11104	Sulfur hexafluoride	approved	Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use •in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms •in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients		
DB11105	Benzalkonium	approved,investigational	Benzalkonium is a quaternary ammonium compound used as a biocide, a cationic surfactant, and as a phase transfer agent [FDA Label]. Benzalkonium is more commonly contained in consumer products in its salt form, benzalkonium chloride [FDA Label]. This salt is used in a great variety of international pharmaceutical products such as eye, ear, and nasal drops or sprays as an excipient ingredient serving as an antimicrobial preservative [FDA Label]. When used as an ingredient in antiseptic and disinfectant products however, it is an active antimicrobial agent [L1806].		
DB11107	Potassium bitartrate	experimental	Potassium bitartate, also referred to as potassium acid tartrate or cream of tartar, is the potassium acid salt of l-( + )-tartaric acid. It is obtained as a byproduct of wine manufacture during the fermentation process. Approved by the FDA as a direct food substance, potassium bitartrate is used as an additive, stabilizer, pH control agent, antimicrobial agent, processing aid, or thickener in various food products [L2732]. Potassium bitartrate has a long history of medical use as a laxative administered as a rectal suppository and is an approved third-class OTC drug in Japan.Potassium bitartrate was one of active ingredients in Phexxi, a non-hormonal contraceptive agent that was approved by the FDA on May 2020.[L14120]		
DB11108	Aluminum sesquichlorohydrate	approved	Aluminum sesquichlorohydrate is an aluminum salt used as an antiperspirant agent, cosmetic astringent and deodorant agent. It works by physically blocking eccrine sweat gland ducts [A31171].		
DB11109	Chlorine	experimental	Chlorine is a stongly oxidizing agent and the third most electronegative element which belongs to the group of halogens with the atomic number 17 and symbol Cl. Being a yellow-green gas at room temperature, chlorine is the second most abundant halogen on Earth. It is commonly used in sanitation, disinfection and antiseptic processes. It was also used in chemical warfare and in rocket fuel.		
DB11110	Magnesium citrate	approved	Magnesium citrate is a low volume and osmotic cathartic agent. The cathartic action works primarily through the high osmolarity of the solution which draws large amounts of fluid into space where is used.[T215] Magnesium citrate is considered by the FDA as an approved inactive ingredient for approved drug products under the specifications of oral administration of a maximum concentration of 237 mg.[L2831] It is also considered as an active ingredient in over-the-counter products.[L1113]		
DB11111	Witch hazel	nutraceutical			
DB11112	Lanolin	approved	Lanolin is a yellow fat obtained from sheep's wool. It is used as an emollient, cosmetic, and pharmaceutic aid [L2580]. The US federal code of regulations states that lanolin in the concentration range of 12-50% may be included in over the counter skin ointments [L2583].Lanolin is the purified, secreted product of the sheep sebaceous glands [L2584]. Lanolin primarily consists of long-chain waxy esters, or sterol esters, that lack glycerides. For this reason, it is also called wool wax or wool grease. Lanolin is used in the protection, treatment, and cosmetic enhancement of human skin. Its hydrophobic properties can help protect skin against infections or skin irritation, as it helps seal in moisture that is already present in the skin [L2587].Lanolin is used as an active ingredient in over the counter topical products such as ointments, lubricants, lotions and facial cosmetics. Lanolin is also frequently used in protective baby skin treatment and for sore nipples in breastfeeding mothers [L2583], [A32788].		
DB11113	Castor oil	approved,investigational,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Castor oil is a vegetable oil obtained by pressing the seeds of the castor oil plant (_Ricinus communis_ L.) mainly cultivated in India, South America, Africa, and China. Castor oil is a rich source of [DB02955], which represents up to 90% of the total castor oil content. It also consists up to 4% linoleic, 3% oleic, 1% stearic, and less than 1% linolenic fatty acids [A31170]. [DB02955] has a hydroxyl group that provides a functional group location for various chemical reactions, making it a favourable substance in industrial applications [A31170]. Castor oil does not contain ricin, which is a natural poison found in the castor oil plant; the toxic lectin remains in the bean pulp following oil isolation [F70]. Due to its renewability and high versatility in addition to being the only commercial source of a hydroxylated fatty acid [A31170], castor oil has been used as a vital raw material for the chemical industry [A33045]. Castor oil was mainly used in the manufacturing of soaps, lubricants, and coatings [A31170]. It is an FDA-approved food additive directly added to food products for human consumption. It can also be found in hard candies as a release agent and anti-sticking agent, or supplementary vitamins and mineral oral tablets as an ingredient for protective coatings. Castor oil is found in over-the-counter oral liquids as a stimulant laxative, and is also added in commercial cosmetic, hair, and skincare products.		
DB11114	Eucalyptus oil	approved	Eucalyptus oil is a distilled oil derived from the leaves of the tree Eucalyptus. It is shown to be effective in reducing pain, swelling, and inflammation via its modulatory effect on the immune response. It is also shown to exhibit antibacterial activity against some bacterial species and cough suppressant actions. Eucalyptus oil can be applied directly to the skin for pain and swelling of respiratory tract mucous membranes, joint pain, genital herpes, and nasal stuffiness.		
DB11115	Ensulizole	approved	Ensulizole, also known as 2-phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid, is a water-soluble sunscreen agent that absorbs strongly at UV-B wavelengths. It is commonly found in cosmetic products and sunscreen formulas in combination with other UV filter compounds due to its minimal protection against UV-A wavelengths. Due to its water solubility, ensulizole is commonly used in products formulated to feel light and less oily [A32259]. It was demonstrated by studies that ensulizole treatment provided protection against cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers and photosensitized the formation of oxidized guanine bases after UV-A or UV-B exposure [A27151]. According to the FDA, the maximal approved concentration of ensulizole is 148 mM although concentrations ranging between 74 and 148mM can be found in commercial sunscreen products [A27151].		
DB11116	Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly	approved,experimental	Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in deodorant and antiperspirant products for the over-the-counter use. It is consisted of a mixture of monomeric and polymeric Zr4+ and Al3+ complexes with hydroxide, chloride and glycine. The compound forms a colloidal plug in sweat pores, preventing sweat from leaving the body.		
DB11117	Undecylenic acid	approved,investigational	Undecylenate, or undecylenic acid, is an unsaturated fatty acid with a terminal double bond that is derived from castor oil. Undecylenic acid is also found naturally in the human sweat. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of aromatic chemicals, polymers or modified silicones [L1891]. Undecylenic acid was first isolated from the products of distillation of castor oil in 1877 via pyrolysis of ricinoleic acid, and has been polymerized for vinyl production [A32281]. It it suggested that many organic fatty acids exert fungicidal or fungistatic actions. Undecylenic acid also possesses antifungal properties, but is never used on its own for antifungal purposes. Salts of undecylenate are found in topical over-the-counter or mixture products as antifungal agents. Zinc undecylenate is an example of a topical antifungal agent that treats skin infections such as athlete’s foot and relieves itching, burning, and irritation associated with the skin condition. Due to its bifunctional properties, undecylenate is also used as a linking molecule to conjugate other biomolecules such as proteins. It serves as an acid moiety for anabolic steroid boldenone.		
DB11118	Ammonia	approved	Ammonia is a naturally-occurring compound with a chemical formula NH3 and structure of trigonal pyramidal geometry. It is a colorless gas with a pungent smell, and become NH4, or ammonium ion, when in water. Although ammonia is used as a food additive in the anhydrous form and serves as a starting material in pharmaceutical and commercial products, it is caustic and hazardous when concentrated. Ammonia gas has been used in the clinical setting as a respiratory stimulant to prevent fainting. The radiolabelled form of ammonia, ammonia N 13, is intravenously administered as a radioactive diagnostic agent for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium to evaluate myocardial perfusion. Ammonia is a natural byproduct of biological and chemical reactions, including decomposition of organic matter, including plants, animals, and animal wastes. It is present in normally present in all tissues constituting a metabolic pool, where it is mostly taken up by glutamic acid and take part in transamination and other reactions, including the synthesis of protein by the Krebs-Hanseleit cycle in the liver [L2033]. It is proposed that human adults produce about 1000 mmol of ammonia daily, most of which undergoes excretion in the urine.		
DB11119	Sodium iodide	approved	Sodium iodide is a water-soluble ionic compound with a crystal lattice. Sodium iodide is a source of iodine and can be administered as a supplement for total parenteral nutrition [L2065] but is more commonly used in veterinary medicine. Radiolabelled compound, [DB09293], is used as a diagnostic tool to evaluate thyroid function and morphology.		
DB11120	Turpentine	approved,experimental	Turpentine, also known as spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, and wood turpentine, is a liquid extracted from live trees, mainly pine, through distillation of resin. It is used as a solvent and base material in organic synthesis reactions. Turpentine is composed of terpenes, mainly the monoterpenes alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with lesser amounts of carene, camphene, dipentene, and terpinolene.		
DB11121	Chloroxylenol	approved	Chloroxylenol, or para-chloro-meta-xylenol (PCMX), is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent used for skin disinfection and surgical instruments. It is found in antibacterial soaps, wound-cleansing applications, and household antiseptics. The halophenol is shown to be most effective against Gram positive bacteria where it disrupts the cell wall due to its phenolic nature [A1351]. Chloroxylenol is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.		
DB11123	Hypochlorite	approved	Hypochlorite is an ion composed of chlorine and oxygen with the chemical formula ClO−. Being unstable in the pure form, hypochlorite is most commonly used for bleaching, disinfectation, and water treatment purposes in its salt form, sodium hypochlorite. Hypochlorite is often used as a chemical reagent for chlorination and oxidation reactions.		
DB11124	Racepinephrine	approved	Racepinephrine is a racemic mixture consisting of d-[DB00668] and l-[DB00668] enantiomers. Epinephrine is a non-selective α- and β-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a bronchodilator used in the temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma including wheezing, tightness of chest and shortness of breath. It is an active ingredient in oral inhalation over-the-counter products as racepinephrine hydrochloride.		
DB11125	Benzethonium	approved	Benzethonium is a synthetic quaternary ammonium salt with surfactant, antiseptic, and broad spectrum antimicrobial properties. Its salt form, benzethonium chloride, is primarily used as a skin disinfectant at concentrations of 0.1-0.2 %, which are safe and effective concentrations for the compound specified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). It is additionally found in cosmetics and toiletries such as mouthwashes and anti-itch ointments. It is shown to be effective in mediating its antimicrobial action against bacteria, fungi, mold and viruses. There is evidence that benzethonium acts as a spermatocide but may cause vaginal irritation [A32304]. Benzethonium was identified as a novel cancer-specific compound by cell-based small-molecule screen [A32298].		
DB11126	Calcium gluconate	approved,vet_approved	Calcium gluconate is used as mineral supplement and medication when there is insufficient calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets, consequences of hypocalcemia. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.		
DB11127	Selenious acid	approved,investigational	Selenious acid is the acid form of sodium selenite, a form of selenium [L1910].Selenium is an essential trace element and antioxidant. It is a cofactor metabolic enzyme regulation. It also plays an important role in maintaining the general health of tissue and muscle and has antioxidant properties. Selenium is a component of glutathione peroxidase enzyme, which protects cell components from oxidative damage due to peroxides produced during cellular metabolism [L1916].Selenium (Se) has been demonstrated to prevent cancer in numerous animal models when administered selenium at levels exceeding the nutritional requirements. One study showed efficacy in the prevention of malignancy while utilizing a selenium supplement in humans. The reports from such studies have heightened the interest in additional human selenium supplementation studies to validate the results in larger populations [L1918].Interestingly, selenium is being studied as a potential therapy in the prevention or management of atherosclerosis [L1921].		
DB11128	Ammonium molybdate	experimental	Ammonium molybdate is a source of molybdenum that exists in several hydrate forms. It is intravenously administered as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN). Molybdenum is an essential element that is present in enzymes including xanthine oxidase, sulfite oxidase, and aldehyde oxidase.		
DB11129	Carbamide peroxide	approved	Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [A32336]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [L1976]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.		
DB11130	Opium	approved,illicit	Opium is the first substance of the diverse group of the opiates. It has been known for a long time, and the first evidence of a poppy culture dates from 5 thousand years by the Sumerians. During the years, opium was used as a sedative and hypnotic, but it was determined to be addictive.[A32171] Opium is extracted from _Papaver somniferum_, which is more known as poppies. This plant is an integrant of the Papaveraceae family, and it is characterized by solitary leaves and capsulated fruits. Therefore, opium is a sticky brown resin obtained by collecting and drying the latex that exudes from the poppy pods.[L1761]Once extracted, opium contains two main groups of alkaloids; the psychoactive constituents which are in the category of phenanthrenes and alkaloids that have no central nervous system effect in the category of isoquinolines. Morphine is the most prevalent and principal alkaloid in opium, and it is responsible for most of the harmful effects of opium.[L1762]Opium has gradually been superseded by a variety of synthetic opioids and general anesthetics. Some of the isolated derivatives of opium are morphine, noscapine, strychnine, veratrine, colchicine, codeine, and quinine.[A32175] Opium is a prohibited drug of abuse in most countries, but the illegal production of this drug and its derivatives keeps being registered. There is some legal production of opium in different countries for the obtention of alkaloids by extraction.[L1766]		
DB11131	Capsicum oleoresin	approved	Capsicum oleoresin is an oily organic resin derived from the fruit of plants in the Capsicum genus, such as chilli peppers. When the plants are finely ground, capsicum oleoresin is formed after the extraction process of capsaicin using oragnic solvents such as ethanol. It is commonly used as a culinary spice. The intensity of biological actions and toxicological effects of capsicum oleoresin are a direct function of the amount of capsaicinoids, or capsaicin, present in the compound [L1944]. Capsaicinoids comprise of a group of fat-soluble pungent chemical phenols and include [DB06774], dihydrocapsaicin, nordihydrocapsaicin, homocapsaicin, and homodihydrocapsaicin [A32318]. [DB06774] and dihydrocapsaicin are the most pungent capsaicinoid analogues [A32318].Capsicum oleoresin is contained in pepper sprays when suspended in water, and acts an active lachrymatory agent that induces irritation, lacrimation, pain, and temporary blindness when in contact with eyes. Due to its analgesic properties, capsicum oleoresin is used to temporarily relieve of minor aches and pains of muscles and joints as an active ingredient in topical OTC preparations and has been studied for management of different models of neuropathic pain [A32316]. It is suggested that capsicum oleoresin is a rich source of phytochemicals that consist of phenolic compounds with antioxidant and antidiabetic activities [A32317].		
DB11132	Silicon dioxide	approved	Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.		
DB11133	Omega-3 fatty acids	approved,nutraceutical	Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with a double bond at the third carbon atom from the end of the carbon chain. The three types of omega-3 fatty acids involved in human physiology are α-linolenic acid (ALA) (found in plant oils), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (both commonly found in fish oil that originally come from microalgae that is further consumed by phytoplankton, a source of diet for fish). Omega-3 fatty acids play a critical role in metabolism and cellular function and they are available as daily supplements. On September 8, 2004, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave "qualified health claim" status to EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids. Therapeutic products containing omega-3 fatty acid and its derivatives for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia include Lovaza, Omtryg, Epanova, and Vascepa.		
DB11134	Cupric oxide	approved	Cupric oxide, or copper (II) oxide, is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula CuO. Cupric oxide is used as a precursor in many copper-containing products such as wood preservatives and ceramics. Cupric oxide may be found in over-the-counter vitamin-mineral supplements as a source of [DB09130]. The mean daily dietary intake of copper in adults ranges between 0.9 and 2.2 mg [L2422]. Common routes of cupric oxide exposure include ingestion, dermal exposure and inhalation. Copper(II) oxide nanoparticles (NPCuO) have industrial applications as antimicrobial agents in textiles and paints, and catalysts in organic synthesis [A32656]. They may also be produced from electronic wastes. Cupric oxide poses potential health and environmental concern due to toxic and mutagenic particles generating reactive oxygen species [A32656].		
DB11135	Selenium	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Selenium is a trace metal in the human body particularly important as a component of glutathione peroxidase, an important enzyme in the prevention of cellular damage by free radicals and reactive oxygen species [FDA Label]		
DB11136	Chromium	approved	Chromium is a transition element with the chemical symbol Cr and atomic number 24 that belongs to Group 6 of the periodic table. It is used in various chemical, industrial and manufacturing applications such as wood preservation and metallurgy. The uses of chromium compounds depend on the valency of chromium, where trivalent Cr (III) compounds are used for dietary Cr supplementation and hexavalent Cr (VI) compounds are used as corrosion inhibitors in commercial settings and are known to be human carcinogens [L1982]. Humans can be exposed to chromium via ingestion, inhalation, and dermal or ocular exposure [L1983]. Trivalent chromium (Cr(III)) ion is considered to be an essential dietary trace element as it is involved in metabolism of blood glucose, regulation of insulin resistance and metabolism of lipids. Clinical trials and other studies suggest the evidence of chromium intake improving glucose tolerance in patients with Type I and II diabetes, however its clinical application in the standard management of type II diabetes mellitus is not established. Chromium deficiency has been associated with a diabetic-like state, impaired growth, decreased fertility and increased risk of cardiovascular diseases [A32343, A32351, L1982].According to the National Institute of Health, the daily dietary reference intake (DRI) of chromium for adult male and non-pregnant female are 35 μg and 25 μg, respectively [L1986]. Chromium picolinate capsules may be used as nutritional adjuvant in patients with or at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to improve blood sugar metabolism and stabilize the levels of serum cholesterol. Chromium chloride is available as an intravenous injection for use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN) [FDA Label].		
DB11137	Molybdenum	approved	Molybdenum is a chemical element with symbol Mo and atomic number 42. As it is not a naturally occuring free metal on Earth, molybdenum is found only in various oxidation states in minerals. Molybdenum is commonly used in metallurgy and other chemical applications however it has essential biological roles in organisms and microorganisms. It is an essential trace dietary element and acts as a critical cofactor in several molybdenum-dependent enzymes that are involved in important cellular reactions and pathways, including xanthine oxidoreductase. When complexed with Technetium Tc 99m, molybdenum is used as a radiopharmaceutical agent in diagonistic procedures.		
DB11140	Chromium Cr-51	approved	Chromium Cr-51 is an isotope of chromium that is observationally stable. When intravenously administered, it is used as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical agent to determine the red blood cell volume or mass, study the red blood cell survival time and evaluate blood loss [L1005].		
DB11141	Manganese gluconate	approved	Manganese gluconate is a manganese salt of gluconic acid with the chemical formula C12H22MnO14 x 2H2O. It is typically obtained by reacting manganese carbonate with gluconic acid in aqueous medium and then crystallizing the product to form a slightly pink powder. Manganese gluconate is a direct ingredient in food substances as a nutrient supplement. In pharmaceutical preparations it is used as a [DB06757] supplement.		
DB11142	Selenomethionine	approved,investigational	Selenomethionine is a naturally occuring amino acid in some plant materials such as cereal grains, soybeans and enriched yeast but it cannot be synthesized from animals or humans. It can be produced from post-structural modifications. *In vivo*, selenomethionine plays an essential role in acting as an antioxidant, where it depletes reactive oxygen species (ROS) and aids in the formation and recycling of glutathione, another important antioxidant. In comparison to selenite, which is the inorganic form of selenium, the organic form of selenomethionine is more readily absorbed in the human body. Selenomethionin is used in biochemical laboratories where its incorporation into proteins that need to be visualized enhances the performance of X-ray crystallography.		
DB11143	Cresol	approved	Cresol is a hydroxytoluene that can be extracted naturally from coal tar or made synthetically. Pure cresol is a mixture of ortho-, meta-, and para- isomers. Cresols are precursors or synthetic intermediates to various other compounds and materials, including plastics, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, disinfectants, and dyes. Ingestion of cresol induces toxicity in humans and can lead to burning of the mouth and throat, abdominal pain, and/or vomiting. At concentrations normally found in the environment however, cresols do not pose any significant risk for the general population.		
DB11144	Hydrogenated palm kernel oil	experimental			
DB11145	Oxyquinoline	approved,vet_approved	Oxyquinoline is a heterocyclic phenol and derivative of quinoline with antiseptic, disinfectant, and pesticide properties. It is used as a stabilizer for hydrogen peroxide, where it is sometimes added in cosmetic products.		
DB11147	Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrate	approved	Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrate is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.		
DB11148	Butamben	approved,withdrawn	Butamben is a local anesthetic in the form of n-butyl-p-aminobenzoate.[A27147] Its structure corresponds to the standard molecule of a hydrophilic and hydrophobic domain separated by an intermediate ester found in most of the local anesthetics. Due to its very low water solubility, butamben was considered of low usability as it is only suitable to be used as a topical anesthesia. This belief changed with the introduction of epidural suspensions of butamben.[L2445] All butamben-containing products were removed from the market under the belief that it is unsafe or ineffective.[L2433]		
DB11149	Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly	approved	Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.		
DB11150	Barium sulfate	approved	Barium sulfate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula BaSO4 [L1957].Barium sulfate occurs in nature as the mineral _barite_. It is also used in various manufacturing applications and mixed into heavy concrete to serve as a radiation shield [L1957].This drug is used as a contrast agent in diagnostic x-ray procedures. Therapeutic advantages of barium sulfate in diagnostic procedures include both its low water solubility and high level of clearance from the body [FDA label].Barium sulfate is ingested by mouth or administered rectally and combined with granules of effervescent bicarbonate to enhance distension of the GI tract, allowing for enhanced gastrointestinal tract visualization [L1957], [L1959].		
DB11151	Sodium hydroxide	approved	Sodium hydroxide is also known as _lye_ or _soda_ , or _caustic soda_ [L1971].At room temperature, sodium hydroxide is a white crystalline odorless solid that absorbs moisture from the air. It is a synthetically manufactured substance. When dissolved in water or neutralized with acid it releases substantial amounts of heat, which may prove sufficient to ignite combustible materials. Sodium hydroxide is highly corrosive [L1965].Sodium hydroxide is generally used as a solid or a diluted in a 50% solution. This chemical is used to manufacture soaps, rayon, paper, explosives, dyestuffs, and petroleum products [L1965].It is also used in processing cotton fabric, laundering and bleaching, metal cleaning and processing, oxide coating, electroplating, and electrolytic extracting. It is commonly found in commercial drain/ oven cleaners [L1965]. According to the the FDA, sodium hydroxide is considered a direct food recognized as safe, where it serves as a pH control agent and follows good manufacturing guidelines [L1967].Interestingly, sodium hydroxide has been studied for its use in the treatment of prion disease (as occurs in mad cow disease and kuru). The use of this compound has been shown to effectively reduce prion levels in an in vitro inactivation assay [A32334].		
DB11152	Trichloroacetate	approved	Trichloroacetate, or trichloroacetic acid, is a strong acid prepared by the reaction of chlorine with acetic acid in the presence of a suitable catalyst. In clinical chemistry and biochemistry, it is used as a precipitant of macromolecules including proteins, DNA and RNA. Trichloroacetate is also found in cosmetic treatments and topical formulations as a cauterant, which removes condyloma or warts on the skin.		
DB11153	Potassium hydroxide	approved	Potassium hydroxide, also known as _lye_  is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula _KOH_. Also commonly referred to as _caustic potash_, it is a potent base that is marketed in several forms including pellets, flakes, and powders. It is used in various chemical, industrial and manufacturing applications. Potassium hydroxide is also a precursor to other potassium compounds.  Potassium hydroxide is used in food to adjust pH, as a stabilizer, and as a thickening agent.[L1946,L1951] This ingredient has been considered as generally safe as a direct human food ingredient by the FDA, based upon the observance of several good manufacturing practice conditions of use.[L1943]In addition to the above uses, potassium hydroxide is also used in making soap, as an electrolyte in alkaline batteries and in electroplating, lithography, and paint and varnish removers. Liquid drain cleaners contain 25 to 36% of potassium hydroxide [L1946].Medically, potassium hydroxide (KOH) is widely used in the wet mount preparation of various clinical specimens for microscopic visualization of fungi and fungal elements in skin, hair, nails, and even vaginal secretions [A32324], [L1946].Recently, it has been studied for efficacy and tolerability in the treatment of warts. It was determined that topical KOH solution was found to be a safe and effective treatment of plane warts [L1941].		
DB11154	Zinc citrate	investigational	Zinc citrate is a zinc salt of citric acid. It is available as dietary supplements as a treatment of zinc deficiency and source of zinc, which is an essential trace element. Zinc citrate demonstrates effective absorption following oral administration [A27280].		
DB11155	Triclocarban	approved	Triclocarban, with the chemical formula C13H9Cl3N2O [L2675] is an antibacterial agent that is particularly effective against Gram-positive bacteria such as *Staphylococcus aureus*. It is a bacteriostatic compound that has been found in antibacterial soaps and other personal care products. In 2017, the US FDA prohibited the marketing of over-the-counter (OTC) consumer antiseptic wash products containing triclocarban due to negative health effects such as bacterial resistance or hormonal effects [L2672], [L2673].		
DB11156	Pyrantel	approved,vet_approved	Pyrantel is a pyrimidine-derivative anthelmintic agent for the oral treatment of various parasitic worm infections including ascariasis, hookworm infections, enterobiasis (pinworm infection), trichostrongyliasis, and trichinellosis [L1904].Pyrantel was initially described in 1965 by researchers from Pfizer who sought cyclic amidines with suitable pharmacokinetic properties (specifically, duration of action) for use as an anthelmintic drug. Pyrantel is mainly available in formulations for dogs and cats as the embonate salt, containing a 34.7% pyrantel base [L1900]. Pyrantel is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, which are the safest and most effective medicines required in a functioning health system [L1901], [L1902].  A depolarizing neuromuscular-blocking agent causing longstanding nicotinic receptor activation, resulting in spastic paralysis of susceptible nematodes (worms). Pyrantel has shown to be effective after a single dose [L1905].In humans, it is administered as pyrantel pamoate [A32282],[A32283],[L1893],[L1898].		
DB11157	Anthralin	approved	Anthralin (1,8‐dihydroxy‐9anthrone, dithranol) is an older anti-psoriatic agent that was first synthesized as a derivative of chrysarobin, obtained from the araroba tree in Brazil over 100 years ago. Adverse effects of anthralin include irritation and discoloration of the skin [A27277].This specific property of the molecule inspired workers to study details of its pharmacology. It is important to consider that the drug is relatively innocuous, yet effective, and systemic side effects have not been observed with this anthralin, in contrast to a wide variety of systemic and topical therapies for psoriasis [L1935]. Anthralin is also known as dithranol.  It is a main active ingredient in topical skin formulations for the treatment of psoriasis. Various formulations of the drug are available, including solutions, foams, and shampoos [L1979]. The chemical structure of anthralin allows for dual solubility, permitting the compound to be absorbed well through the epidermis [A27276]. Anthralin has also been studied in the treatment of warts, showing promising results [A32307]. Salicylic acid is frequently added to anthralin to augment the stability of anthralin and to increase its penetration and efficacy [L1979].		
DB11158	Pectin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Pectin is a heteropolysaccharide commercially derived from the cell wall of higher plants.[A32327] It is composed of partially methylated polygalacturonic acid units linked in the positions 1-4.[L1961] The carboxylic group of the constituents of pectin can exist in the form of esters, free acids, ammonium, potassium or sodium salts or as acid amides. Under the FDA regulation, pectin qualifies as a GRAS (generally recognized as safe) food substance. This status allows pectin to be used with no limitations.[L1960]		
DB11159	Sodium sulfide	approved	Sodium sulfide is a chemical compound with a chemical formula Na2S. Sodium sulfide is used in the pulp and paper industry, water treatment, textile industry, and various chemical manufacturing processes including the production of rubber chemicals, sulfur dyes and oil recovery. Along with its hydrate form, sodium sulfide releases hydrogen sulfide (H2S) when in contact with moist air. H2S is an endogenous gaseous transmitter that exhibits anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic properties. Along with other sulfides, the anti-inflammatory and tissue-protective effects of sodium sulfide have been investigated in models of inflammation and oxidative stress. Interestingly, sodium sulfide was shown to have some cardioprotective role against cardiac ischemia or reperfusion injury, as well as protect lungs against ventilator-induced lung injury [A27275]. However the clinical significance and mechanism of action of sodium sulfide and replication of results across other studies are not yet fully determined.		
DB11160	Phenyltoloxamine	approved	Phenyltoloxamine is an antihistamine drug with sedative and analgesic effects. It is a H1 receptor blocker and a member of the ethanolamine class of antihistaminergic drugs. It is available in combination products that also contain other analgesics and antitussives such as acetaminophen. Phenyltoloxamine citrate is the more common salt form that acts as an active ingredient in pharmaceutical products and promotes hay fever relief via reversing the effects of histamine. Phenyltoloxamine acts as an adjuvant analgesic, which augments the analgesic effect of acetaminophen. It also potentiates the effects of other drugs, such as codeine and codeine derivatives.Although phenyltoloxamine's ability to potentiate the effects of analgesics may be explained in part by its chemical nature as a first-generation H1 antihistamine that is capable of crossing the blood-brain barrier and causing tranquilizing effects at CNS histamine receptors, many of the drug's specific pharmacokinetics are not readily available - perhaps also because many early (phenyltoloxamine was involved in studies as early as the 1950s) first-generation antihistamines were not optimally investigated [A32705]. Nevertheless, phenyltoloxamine is used to a fairly limited extent in contemporary medicine, with only very few products involving it as an active ingredient.	Phenyltoloxamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11161	Polyethylene glycol 300	approved	Polyethylene glycol 300 (PEG 300) is a water-miscible polyether with an average molecular weight of 300 g/mol. It is a clear viscous liquid at room temperature with non-volatile, stable properties [A33116]. Polyethylene glycols are widely used in biochemistry, structural biology, and medicine in addition to pharmaceutical and chemical industries. They serve as solubilizers, excipients, lubricants, and chemical reagents. Low molecular weight glycols are observed to exhibit antibacterial properties as well. PEG 300 is found in eye drops as a lubricant to temporarily relieve redness, burning and irritation of the eyes.		
DB11164	Bicisate	approved,investigational	Bicisate, also known as ethyl cysteinate dimer (ECD), is a N,N'-1,2-ethylene-di-yl-bis-L-cysteinate diethyl ester. It is used in conjunction with technetium Tc99m as a tracer to measure cerebral blood flow with single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT).[A32374] The complex of bicisate and technetium Tc99m as a kit was developed by Lantheus Medcl and FDA-approved on November 23, 1994.[L2029]		
DB11165	Rosin	approved	Rosin is a solid form of resin obtained from pines and other plants, mostly conifers. It is prepared from heating fresh liquid resin to vaporize the volatile liquid terpene components. Rosin is used in various commercial and industrial applications, including printing, lead-tin industry, and food production. In the pharmaceuticals, rosin is used in film forming and coating tablets and enterically administered agents, as well as forming microcapsules and nanoparticles. Rosin has shown to mediate antibacterial actions on Gram-positive bacterial species [A27267].		
DB11166	Antithrombin Alfa	approved,investigational	Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the  prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency  of antithrombin in high risk situations.		
DB11168	Calcium threonate	approved	Calcium threonate is a calcium salt of threnoic acid and a novel drug developed for the treatment of osteoporosis and as a calcium supplement [A27266]. It is found in dietary supplements as a source of L-threonate used in the treatment of calcium deficiency and prevention of osteoporosis. The most common form is calcium L-threonate, or (2R,3S)-2,3,4-trihydroxy butyric acid calcium [A27266]. L-threonate is an active metabolite of vitamin C that mediates a stimulatory action on vitamin C uptake [A27266]. Therapeutic efficacy of calcium threonate in reducing was studied and investigated due to the hypothesis that it may play a role in the mineralization process through its positive action on vitamin C.		
DB11169	Ferrous asparto glycinate	approved	Ferrous asparto glycinate is an iron-amino acid chelate. It is available as a dietary supplement used in the treatment of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia.		
DB11171	Ferric sulfate	approved	Ferric sulfate has the molecular formula of Fe2SO4, and it is a dark brown or yellow chemical agent with acidic properties. It is produced by the reaction of sulfuric acid and an oxidizing agent. It is used in different fields such as dermatology, dentistry and it is thought to present hemostatic properties by interacting chemically with blood proteins.[A32355, A32356] By the FDA, ferric sulfate is a direct food substance affirmed in the GRAS category (Generally Recognized As Safe).[L2003]		
DB11172	Sesame oil	investigational,nutraceutical	Sesame oil is a commonly used vegetable oil in Asia and flavoring enhancer in various culinary practices. It is extracted from sesame seeds and contains linoleic acid, oleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid and other fatty acids. Sesame oil is reported to possess antioxidant, antiaging, antihypertensive, immunoregulatory and anticancer properties. It has also shown to accelerate alcohol decomposition in the liver [A27257]. Sesame oil is considered an indirect additive used in food cotact substances by the FDA.		
DB11174	2-(l-menthoxy)ethanol	experimental			
DB11175	Zinc picolinate	investigational	Zinc picolinate is a zinc salt of picolinic acid. It is available as OTC dietary supplements as a source of zinc to treat and prevent zinc deficiency. The absorption of zinc after oral administration of zinc picolinate is shown to be effective.		
DB11176	Zeaxanthin	approved,investigational	Zeaxanthin is a most common carotenoid alcohols found in nature that is involved in the xanthophyll cycle. As a coexistent isomer of lutein, zeaxanthin is synthesized in plants and some micro-organisms. It gives the distinct yellow color to many vegetables and other plants including paprika, corn, saffron and wolfberries. Zeaxanthin is one of the two primary xanthophyll carotenoids contained within the retina of the eye and plays a predominant component in the central macula. It is available as a dietary supplement for eye health benefits and potential prevention of age-related macular degeneration. Zeaxanthin is also added as a food dye.		
DB11178	Polysorbate 20	approved	Polysorbate 20 is a polysorbate-type nonionic surfactant used in many commercial, household and pharmaceutical products. It is composed of 20 repeated units of polyethylene glycol via ethoxylation. Polysorbate 20 is a wetting agent in food products, as well as washing agent, stabilizer and solubilizer in labratory assays and industrial applications. It is also an excipient that stabilizes emulsions and suspensions in pharmaceutical products and lubricant in ophthalmic solutions.		
DB11179	Exametazime	approved	Exametazime is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical agent commonly used for the preparation of Tc99m Exametazime injection. It acts as a chelating agent for the radioisotope technetium-99m to form a cationic complex. It is used in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion and for the radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes.		
DB11180	Tetrofosmin	approved	Tetrofosmin was developed to overcome the non-target uptake of radioligands by the generation of hetero-atomic compounds. It presents a molecular formula of 1,2-bis(bis(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino)ethane. Tetrofosmin is part of the group of diphosphines. Tetrofosmin is used in conjunction with technetium Tc-99m as a radiopharmaceutical.[A7788]		
DB11181	Homatropine	approved	Homatropine is an anticholinergic drug that acts as an antagonist at muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. It is present in antitussives, under the trade name Hycodan, in combination with hydrocodone (dihydrocodeinone) bitartrate indicated for the symptomatic relief of cough as oral tablets or solutions. Homatropine is included in subtherapeutic amounts as homatropine methylbromide to discourage deliberate overdosage. Homatropine hydrobromide has been administered as ophthalmic solutions as a cycloplegic to temporarily paralyze accomodation, and to induce mydriasis (the dilation of the pupil); however such therapeutic use has not been approved by the FDA to be safe and effective.		
DB11182	Rose bengal	approved,investigational	Rose bengal is a pink stain derived as an analogue of fluorescein. Its disodium salt in ophthalmic solutions has been used as a diagnostic agent in suspected damage to conjunctival and corneal cells. It is also used in laboratory settings, including the preparation of Foraminifera for microscopic analysis and suppression of bacterial growth in several microbiological media. A direct cytotoxic effect of Rose bengal on microorganisms and cancer cells has been observed, questioning its potential antitumor actions via intralesional injections. The clinical applications of rose bengal as injectable formulation under the name PV-10 in melanoma, breast cancer and skin conditions such as eczema and psoriasis are being investigated in clinical trials.[A32399]		
DB11183	Light green SF yellowish	approved,experimental	Light green SF yellowish is a green triarylmethane dye that is used in the preparation of the staining solution which is widely used as a counterstain. It is used in histological applications and other labratory settings, and usually exists as a disodium salt. The maximum absorption of light green SF yellowish is at 630 (422) nm. Although it has been used as a food colorant, it was discontinued from the market due to low popularity which are possibly due to low durability of the dye and increased tendency of the dye to fade. Light green SF yellowish is also available as sterile strips used as a diagnostic agent when superficial corneal or conjunctival tissue change is suspected.		
DB11184	Oftasceine	approved	Oftasceine is also referred to as Fluorexon. It is used in ophthalmic solutions as a staining agent when fitting soft and hard lenses. It is a fluorescent dye or luminescent agent.		
DB11185	Sulisobenzone	experimental	Sulisobenzone is approved by the FDA in concentrations of up to 10% and in Canada, is approved by Health Canada at the same  concentrations [F38]. It works to filter out both UVA and UVB rays, protecting the skin from sun UV damage [L2153].The UV-filter substance, sulisobenzone (BP-4) is widely used an ingredient in sunscreens and other personal care products [A32927], [L2668].  It falls under the drug category of _benzophenones_. The benzophenones are a group of aromatic ketones that have both pharmaceutical and industrial applications [L2671]. Benzophenones may be found organically in fruits such as grapes [L2669].   Benzophenones are used as photoinitiators, fragrance enhancers, ultraviolet curing agents, and, occasionally, as flavor ingredients; they are also used in the manufacture of insecticides, agricultural chemicals, and pharmaceuticals and as an additive for plastics, coatings, and adhesives [L2670].As a group, benzophenones may be used to delay photodegradation or extend shelf life in toiletries and plastic surface coatings [L2671].		
DB11186	Pentoxyverine	approved,investigational	Pentoxyverine, also referred to as carbetapentane, is a non-opioid central acting antitussive with antimuscarinic, anticonvulsant [A32717], and local anesthetic properties. It is an active ingredient in over-the-counter cough suppressants in combination with guaifenesin and H1-receptor antagonists [A32160]. Pentoxyverine acts on sigma-1 receptors, as well as kappa and mu-opioid receptors.		
DB11187	1-(c14-c18 esteroyl)-2-docosahexanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine	experimental			
DB11188	1-(c14-c18 esteroyl)-2-docosahexanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine	experimental			
DB11189	Magnesium glycinate	approved	Magnesium glycinate is a magnesium salt of glycine that is available as dietary supplements as a source of magnesium. It is used in the treatment of magnesium deficiency.		
DB11190	Pantethine	approved,investigational	Pantethine is a naturally occurring compound synthesized in the body from pantothenic acid (vitamin B5) via addition of cysteamine. It consists of two molecules of pantetheine that form a dimer via disufide linkages, and acts as an intermediate in the production of Coenzyme A. Coenzyme A plays an essential role as a cofactor in the metabolism of lipids and carbohydrates including fatty acid oxidation, carbohydrate metabolism, pyruvate degradation, and amino acid catabolism [A27255]. Pantethine is available as a dietary supplement for lowering blood cholesterol and triglycerides.		
DB11191	Cobamamide	approved	Cobamamide is one of the active forms of vitamin B12 that is also known as _adenosylcobalamin_ or _dibencozide_. This drug is available as a nutritional supplement to prevent vitamin B12 deficiency.Vitamin B12 is a collective term for these variously substituted corrinoids. The principal biochemical participants are two coenzyme forms of Vitamin B12 that are produced and activated in two separate cellular compartments: methylcobalamin in the cytosol and adenosylcobalamin in the mitochondria [L2053].Vitamin B12 (cyancobalamin, Cbl) has two active co-enzyme forms, _methylcobalamin (MeCbl)_ and _adenosylcobalamin (AdCbl)_. There has been a shift in the treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency such that MeCbl is being extensively used and promoted. This exists despite the fact that both MeCbl and AdCbl are necessary for life and have vastly different metabolic fates and functions. MeCbl is mainly involved along with folate in hematopoiesis and the growth of the brain during childhood. Deficiency of AdCbl disturbs the carbohydrate, fat and amino-acid metabolism, and therefore interferes with the formation of myelin. It is therefore important to treat vitamin B12 deficiency with a combination of MeCbl and AdCbl or hydroxocobalamin or cobalamin [L2054]. Vitamin B12 has important physiological roles including DNA synthesis, myelin formation in the nervous system, red blood cell formation, as well as fatty acid and amino acid metabolism [L2047]. Please refer to the entry [DB00115] for more information on this entry.		
DB11192	L-threonic acid	experimental			
DB11193	Papain	approved	Papain, also known as papaya proteinase I, is a cysteine protease (EC 3.4.22.2) enzyme that is found in species of papaya, _Carica papaya_ and _Vasconcellea cundinamarcensis_. The enzyme is found to be localized in the skin of papaya, and is collected from slashed unripe papayas as a crude latex. Papain is used in food, pharmaceutical, textile, and cosmetic industries. While it has been used for the treatment of inflammation and pain via topical administration, papain has also shown to have anthelmintic and tooth-whitening properties. Present in over-the-counter mixture products consisting of different digestive enzymes, its active site contains a catalytic diad that plays a role in breaking peptide bonds. Papain is also used as an ingredient in various enzymatic debriding preparations.		
DB11195	Xylitol	experimental,investigational	Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. Xylitol-rich plant materials include birch and beechwood [A22081]. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. The effects of xylitol on dental caries have been widely studied, and xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth. Xylitol is a non-fermentable sugar alcohol by most plaque bacteria, indicating that it cannot be fermented into cariogenic acid end-products [A32423]. It works by inhibiting the growth of the microorganisms present in plaque and saliva after it accummulates intracellularly into the microorganism [A32423]. The recommended dose of xylitol for dental caries prevention is 6–10 g/day, and most adults can tolerate 40 g/day without adverse events [A22081].		
DB11197	Ferrous cysteine glycinate	approved			
DB11198	Peppermint oil	approved,investigational	Extracted from the stem, leaves, and flowers of _Mentha piperita_ L. plant, peppermint oil (Mentha piperita) is a popular essential oil used in aromatherapy for both external and internal use. Mentha piperita is a hybrid of spearmint (Mentha spicata) and water mint (Mentha aquatica) [A33065]. Medicinal use of herbal ingredients such as peppermint oil has a long history of treating digestive disorders and upper respiratory symptoms and cough [A33055]. There are various over-the-counter and commercial uses of peppermint oil due to its carminative, cholagogue, antibacterial, secretolytic, and choleretic actions [A33056]. Peppermint oil contains pulegone, which is a naturally-occurring pesticide [F77]. Other active constituents of peppermint oil include [DB00825], menthone, cineol, and several other volatile oils [A33055, A33056]. Peppermint oil is used as a flavouring agent in foods and fragrance in hygienic or cosmetic products, and as an anti-itch and cooling agent in topical pharmaceutical products. It is also an active ingredient in topical analgesics for the relief of joint and muscle pain. Peppermint oil can be applied topically to temporarily relieve tension-type headache. The use of peppermint oil in the management of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) has been investigated in many clinical studies due to its relaxing effects on smooth muscle; however the evidence supporting this use is unclear. Due to its effectiveness in relaxing GI smooth muscle but ability to induce gastroesophageal reflux, enteric-coated formulations of peppermint oil has been established which bypass the upper GI tract unmetabolized, thereby facilitating its effect in the lower GI tract without effects in the upper tract [A33055]. Peppermint oil is safe and well-tolerated at commonly recommended dosage [A33055].		
DB11199	Sage oil	nutraceutical	Sage oil is extracted from sage or *Salvia officinalis*, the herb commonly used for culinary purposes. *Salvia officinalis* is a common sage and a member of the genus *Salvia*, that includes aromatic and perennial plants with flowers. Essential oil has been traditionally used in medicine for the relief of pain and the treatment of inflammation and infections, as it is reported to exhibit carminative, antispasmodic, antiseptic, and astringent properties [A27252]. The main constituents of sage oil include camphor, 1,8-cineole, α-thujone, β-thujone, borneol, and viridiflorol, which are thought to mainly produce the biological effects of sage oil. Sage oil also contains flavonoids and polyphenolic compounds that mediate strong antioxidant, radical-scavenging, and antibacterial activities [A27252]. It is found in cosmetics, personal care products and dietary supplements.		
DB11200	Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly	approved	Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly is complex that consists of aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrate and glycine. It is an active antiperspirant agent [L2705], [L2706]. It diffuses into the sweat pores and prevents perspiration (sweat) from leaving the pores. The anhydrous form of the compound also has water-absorbing properties. Currently, the FDA allows the inclusion of this substance in concentrations of up to 20% in antiperspirants [L2012].Interestingly, this chemical has been studied in relation to its possible impact on the microbiome of the human underarms [A32967].		
DB11201	Menthyl salicylate	approved	Menthyl salicylate is an ester of menthol and salicylic acid [L2808].This product is used to treat minor aches and pains of the muscles/joints (e.g., arthritis, backache, sprains) [L2810].		
DB11202	N-alkyl ethylbenzyl dimethyl ammonium (C12-C14)	approved	N-alkyl ethylbenzyl dimethyl ammonium (c12-c14) is a quaternary ammonium compound with surfactant properties. It is found in sanitizing solutions or soaps as an active ingredient due to its antimicrobial properties.Employed in a great variety of cleaning agents and sanitizing agents, it possesses relatively broad gram-positive and gram-negative antibacterial activities and relatively little chance for systemic absorption and exposure, although the formal mechanism of action of quaternary ammonium compounds like n-alkyl C12-C14 dimethyl ethylbenzyl ammonium chloride is difficult to elucidate.		
DB11203	Boron	experimental	Boron (B) is a chemical element with an atomic number 5 that belongs in the Period 2 and Group 13 in the periodic table. It is a low-abundant metalloid that is a poor electrical conductor at room temperature. Natural boron exists in 2 stable isotopes however pure boron is hard to prepare due to contamination by different elements. It is also found for applications including ceramics, high-hardness or abrasive compounds, metal coatings, detergents, bleaching agents, insecticides, semiconductors, magnets, wood preservatives, and an additive in glass fibers of boron-containing fiberglass for insulation and structural materials. Boric acid contains antiseptic, antifungal, and antiviral properties thus it is used as a water clarifier in swimming pool water treatment. There are few pharmaceutical agents that contain a boron molecule in their structures, such as [DB09041] and [DB00188].		
DB11204	Panthenol	approved	Panthenol is an alcohol derivative of pantothenic acid, a component of the B complex vitamins and an essential component of a normally functioning epithelium. Panthenol exists as a racemic mixture containing both the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) and the levorotatory form (levopanthenol). While pantothenic acid is optically active, only the dextrorotatory form ([DB09357]) is biologically active.Dexpanthenol, the active form of panthenol, is enzymatically cleaved to form pantothenic acid (Vitamin B5), which is an essential component of Coenzyme A that acts as a cofactor in many enzymatic reactions that are important for protein metabolism in the epithelium [A32373].Due to its good penetration and high local concentrations, dexpanthanol is used in many topical products, such as ointments and lotions for treatment of dermatological conditions to relieve itching or promote healing. Dermatological effects of the topical use of dexpanthenol include increased fibroblast proliferation and accelerated re-epithelialization in wound healing. Furthermore, it acts as a topical protectant, moisturizer, and has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties [A32377].		
DB11205	Alcloxa	approved			
DB11206	Bemotrizinol	approved	Bemotrizinol, or bis-ethylhexyloxyphenol methoxyphenyl triazine, is an organic UV filter found in over-the-counter sunscreen products. It primarily absorbs UV-A rays. Compared to older broad-spectrum chemical agents, bemotrizinol is more more fat soluble (oil soluble in cosmetic oils) to aid in efficacy and broad-spectrum activity [A19212]. It is claimed to be photostable, which increases its onset of action and its efficiency in providing protection against UV-rays upon topical application [A19212, A32909]. Bemotrizinol is commonly marketed as Tinosorb S and Escalol S.		
DB11207	Amiloxate	approved	Amiloxate is an EMA-approved chemical UV-filter found in over-the-counter sunscreen products at concentrations up to 10%m [F35]. It is often referred to as isoamyl 4-methoxycinnamate or isoamyl p-methoxycinnamate. Amiloxate is a cinnamic acid derivative with an anti-inflammatory activity [A32916].		
DB11208	Aluminum chlorohydrex propylene glycol	approved	Aluminum chlorohydrex propylene glycol is a complex consisting of Aluminum Chorohydrate and propylene glycol (PG). It is an antiperspirant active ingredient found in antiperspirant drug products for over-the-counter human use.		
DB11209	Iron protein succinylate	approved,investigational			
DB11210	Ferrous bisglycinate	approved	Ferrous bisglycinate is a chelate that is used as a source of dietary iron. Forming a ring structure when reacting with glycine, ferrous bisglycinate acts as both a chelate and a nutritionally functional [A27250]. It is found in foods for food enrichment or in supplements for the treatment of iron deficiency or iron deficiency anemia.		
DB11211	Calcium sulfide	experimental			
DB11217	Arbutin	approved	Extracted from the dried leaves of bearberry plant in the genus _Arctostaphylos_ and other plants commonly in the _Ericaceae_ family, arbutin is a beta-D-glucopyranoside of [DB09526]. It is found in foods, over-the-counter drugs, and herbal dietary supplements [F43]. Most commonly, it is an active ingredient in skincare and cosmetic products as a skin-lightening agent for the prevention of melanin formation in various skin conditions that involve cutaneous hyperpigmentation or hyperactive melanocyte function [A27248]. It has also been used as an anti-infective for the urinary system as well as a diuretic [F43]. Arbutin is available in both natural and synthetic forms; it can be synthesized from acetobromglucose and [DB09526] [F43]. Arbutin is a competitive inhibitor of tyrosinase (E.C.1.14.18.1) in melanocytes [A27248], and the inhibition of melanin synthesis at non-toxic concentrations was observed _in vitro_. Arbutin was shown to be less cytotoxic to melanocytes in culture compared to [DB09526] [A32942].		
DB11218	Tea tree oil	experimental,nutraceutical	Tea tree oil is an essential oil derived mainly from the Australian native plant _Melaleuca alternifolia_ via steam distillation of the of the leaves and terminal branches [A32439]. It may be referred to as _Melaleuca alternifolia_ oil. It has been a popular ingredient in a variety of household and cosmetic products due to its antiseptic, anti-inflammatory, broad-spectrum antimicrobial and antioxidant properties [A32438]. The dermatological use of tea tree oil has been investigated by various studies, where several studies have suggested the uses of this oil for the treatment of acne vulgaris, seborrheic dermatitis, and chronic gingivitis [A32438]. Terpene hydrocarbons and related alcohols constitute tea tree oil, with [DB12816] being the major antimicrobial component [A32439].		
DB11219	Enzacamene	approved	Commonly known as 4-methylbenzylidene-camphor (4-MBC), enzacamene is a camphor derivative and an organic chemical UV-B filter. It is used in cosmetic products such as sunscreen to provide skin protection against UV rays. While its effects on the human reproductive system as an endocrine disruptor are being investigated, its use in over-the-counter and cosmetic products is approved by Health Canada. Its tradenames include Eusolex 6300 (Merck) and Parsol 5000 (DSM).		
DB11220	Octacosanol	nutraceutical	1-octacosanol is a straight-chain aliphatic 28-carbon primary fatty alcohol that is used as a nutritional supplement. This high–molecular-weight organic compound is the main component of a natural product wax extracted from plants [A27245]. 1-octacosanol is reported to possess cholesterol-lowering effects, antiaggregatory properties, cytoprotective use, and ergogenic properties [A27245]. It has been studied as a potential therapeutic agent for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.		
DB11221	Dioxybenzone	approved	Dioxybenzone, or benzophenone-8, is an organic compound derived from [DB01878] that is used as a sunscreen agent. It absorbed UV-B and UV-AII rays. Dioxybenzone is an approved sunscreen ingredient in concentrations up to 3% [L2525].		
DB11222	Benzoin resin	approved	Benzoin resin is a balsamic resin obtained from the bark of several species of trees in the genus _Styrax_. There are two common kinds of benzoin, benzoin Siam and benzoin Sumatra, that are obtained from different species of the _Styrax_ tree. Benzoin resin differs from the chemical compound benzoin, which is derived from benzoin resin; however, the resin does not contain this compound (see [DB14020]). While benzoin resin is used as a common ingredient in incense-making and perfumery, it is also used clinically as a mild antiseptic agent in over-the-counter products to clean sores, cuts, wounds, and skin abrasions as tincture of benzoin, or benzoin in a solution of alcohol. Tincture of benzoin solution is a topical adhesive agent used to provide tackiness and enhance the adhesive property of tape.		
DB11223	Tolu balsam	experimental			
DB11224	Liquidambar styraciflua resin	experimental			
DB11225	Peg-100 stearate	approved			
DB11226	Ethylhexyl methoxycrylene	approved,experimental	Ethylhexyl methoxycrylene is a photostabilizer that preserves the effectiveness of UV filters by interacting with both the singlet and triplet states [F104]. It returns UV filters to their ground states without absorbing sunlight [F104]. It is used as a solvent for crystalline UV filters and is easily emulsified and suitable for use in various lotions, creams, sprays, sticks, and gel formulations [F104]. It currently enjoys regional approvals in Canada, the EU, and the US [L2847].		
DB11227	Thermus thermophilus lysate	experimental			
DB11228	Methylcellulose	approved	Methyl cellulose polymer consisting of numerous linked glucose molecules used as a stabiliser, thickener and emulsifier for foodstuffs and cosmetics. The Degree of Substitution (DS) of a given form of methyl cellulose is defined as the average number of substituted hydroxyl groups per glucose with a theoretical maximum of 3, however more typical values are 1.3 2.6. Methyl cellulose is a hydrophilic white powder in pure form and dissolves in cold (but not in hot) water, forming a clear viscous solution or gel. It is available under a variety of trade names as a treatment for constipation. Like cellulose, it is not digestible, not toxic, and not allergenic		
DB11229	Padimate A	experimental,withdrawn	Padimate A is an ester derivative of PABA and an ingredient in some sunscreens. It absorbs ultraviolet rays thereby preventing sunburn, however, its chemical structure and behaviour is similar to an industrial free radical generator. In Europe this chemical was withdrawn in 1989 for unstated reasons and in the US it was never approved for use in sunscreens.		
DB11230	Magnesium Aluminum Silicate	approved	Magnesium aluminum silicate is a naturally occurring mineral obtained from silicate ores of the montmorillonite group [A32782]. It is refined to a powder for use in cosmetic and pharmaceutical applications as an absorbent, anticaking agent, opacifying agent, viscosity-increasing agent, suspending agent, tablet and capsule disintegrant, andtablet binder. It also has antacid properties and is used as a component of some over the counter antacid medications.		
DB11231	Lycopene	approved,investigational	Lycopene is a naturally occuring red carotenoid pigment that is responsible in red to pink colors seen in tomatoes, pink grapefruit, and other foods [A27242]. Having a chemical formula of C40H56, lycopene is a tetraterpene assembled from eight isoprene units that are solely composed of carbon and hydrogen. Lycophene may undergo extensive isomerization that allows 1056 theoretical cis-trans configurations; however the all-trans configuration of lycopene is the most predominant isomer found in foods [A27242, A27243] that gives the red hue. Lycopene is a non-essential human nutrient that is classified as a non-provitamin A carotenoid pigment since it lacks a terminal beta ionone ring [A27242] and does not mediate vitamin A activity. However lycophene is a potent antioxidant molecule that scavenges reactive oxygen species (ROS) singlet oxygen. Tomato lycopene extract is used as a color additive in food products.		
DB11232	Saccharide isomerate	approved			
DB11233	Silver citrate	experimental			
DB11234	Poliglusam	experimental	Poliglusam, or chitosan, is a linear polysaccharide consisting of D-glucosamine and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine. Naturally-occuring poliglusam is found in the cell walls of fungi, soil and sediments where it is produced from degradation of chitin induced by certain groups of bacteria that produce the enzymes deacetylase or chitosanase enzymes [L999]. In comparison, commercial poliglusam is derived from deacetylation of chitin contained in the shells of various sea crustaceans such as shrimps [L999]. As a rich source of dietary fiber, chitosan is used as a food ingredient or additive. It is also reported to have an effect on protein aggregation, emulsification capacity, film-forming ability, clarifying ability, and fatty acid absorption capability [L999]. In addition, chitosan also exhibits antimicrobial and antioxidant activities.		
DB11235	Thonzylamine	approved	Thonzylamine is an antihistamine and anticholinergic drug. It is available as combination products with [DB04837] or [DB00388] for temporary relief of symptoms of common cold, hay fever (allergic rhinitis) or other upper respiratory allergies.	Thonzylamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11236	Polyethylene glycol 3500	experimental			
DB11237	Trypsin	approved,vet_approved	Trypsin is a serine protease that plays an essential role in protein hydrolysis and absorption in mammals. When converted from its zymogen trypsinogen, trypsin is available as an active peptide hydrolase (EC 3.4.21.4) form to cleave peptide chains, mainly at the carboxyl side of the amino acids lysine or arginine. Trypsin contains a nucleophilic residue Ser in the enzyme active site which attacks the carbonyl moiety of the substrate peptide bond to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate [A27241]. This nucleophilic attack is facilitated by the catalytic triad consisting of histidine-57, aspartate-102, and serine-195. Trypsin also contains an oxyanion hole that stabilizes the charge negative charge on the carbonyl oxygen atom formed from the cleavage of peptide bonds. Therapeutic forms of trypsin is obtained from purified extracts of porcine or bovine pancreas and is intended to aid in digestion when administered orally.		
DB11238	Borage oil	approved,investigational	Borage oil, or borage seed oil, is a rich source of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) that is obtained from the seeds of the Borago officinalis (borage). Borage oil is used as an herbal treatment of skin disorders including eczema, seborrheic dermatitis, and neurodermatitis as well as other inflammatory, cardiovascular and endocrine disorders, although its clinical efficacy and long-term effects are not fully elucidated yet. GLA, which accounts for approximately 24% of the oil, is converted to dihomo-γ-linolenic acid (DGLA) which acts as a precursor to anti-inflammatory mediators such as 1-series prostaglandins and the 3-series leukotrienes. Borage oil may be found in foods or in skin care products.		
DB11239	Aluminum sulfate	approved	Aluminum (Al), also spelled aluminum, chemical element, a lightweight, silvery-white metal of main Group 13 (IIIa, or boron group) of the periodic table [L2148].It is a chemical agent used in water purification, the pH regulation of garden soil, and other commercial or industrial applications. Medically, it is primarily used as a coagulating agent in minor cuts and abrasions as well as deodorant [L2144].Aluminum (Al) is ubiquitous and represents the third most common element in the Earth’s crust. It most commonly exists in a combined state with various other elements. Al is found in materials used in the pharmaceutical industry, and in manufactured foodstuffs, cosmetics, and tap water. By overcoming the body barriers, Al may infiltrate into the blood and lead to toxic effects in liver, bone and the central nervous system [L2145].		
DB11242	Gelatin	approved,vet_approved	Gelatin is a multifunctional ingredient that is used in foods, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and photographic films as a gelling agent, stabilizer, thickener, emulsifier, as well as film former [A32432]. As a thermoreversible hydrocolloid with a small gap between its melting and gelling temperatures, gelatin provides unique advantages over carbohydrate-based gelling agents. Gelatin is mainly produced from porcine skin, and cattle hides and bones [A32432].Some alternative raw substances have recently garnered attention from both researchers and the industry not only because they overcome religious concerns shared by both Jews and Muslims but also because they may provide scientific advantages over gelatins from mammal origins [L2121].Fish skins from a number of fish species a type of substance that has been comprehensively studied as a source for gelatin production. Fish skins have a significant potential for the production of high-quality gelatin with different melting and gelling temperatures over a much larger range than mammalian gelatins but have a sufficiently high level of gel strength and viscosity [A32432].Gelatin is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) by the FDA to be a non-hazardous food or food ingredient [L2110].Interestingly, horse gelatin has been studied and it was found that in the horse, gelatin influences the homeostasis of the amino acids required for cartilage synthesis [A32434]. An increasing number of novel applications have been found for collagen and gelatin [A32426].		
DB11243	Ethyl macadamiate	approved	Ethyl macadamiate is derived from Macadamia terifolia seed oil. It is a non-volatile ester of ethyl alcohol and the fatty acids. Ethyl macadamiate is used in cosmetics and personal care products such as sunscreen, hair care products and skin care products as an emollient and skin conditioning agent.		
DB11244	Cyclomethicone 5	experimental	Cyclomethicone 5 is member of cyclomethicone, which are a group of liquid methyl siloxanes that have low viscosity and high volatility. Cyclomethicones are cyclic in structure with a monomer backbone of one silicon and two oxygen atoms bonded together. Cyclomethicone 5 is used in cosmetic and personal products as a skin emollient.		
DB11246	Copper gluconate	approved,investigational	Copper gluconate is a copper salt of D-gluconic acid that displays a light blue to bluish-green color. It is prepared by the reaction of gluconic acid solutions with cupric oxide or basic cupric carbonate. According to the good manufacturing or feeding practice by the FDA, copper gluconate is used as a nutrient or dietary supplement and is generally recognized as safe for use at a level not exceeding 0.005 percent.		
DB11247	Sambucus nigra flowering top	experimental			
DB11248	Zinc gluconate	approved,vet_approved	Zinc gluconate is a zinc salt of gluconic acid comprised of two gluconic acid molecules for each zinc cation (2+). Zinc gluconate is a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) substance by FDA [L2081]. It is available as a trace mineral supplement and over the counter as a lozenge form for a reduced duration of common colds and with decreased symptom severity.Although it has been nasally administered for treating the common cold, this route of administration has been associated with some cases of anosmia [A32414], [A32409], [A32410], [L2080].Studies show that zinc may be better absorbed in humans in the gluconate form [A32412], [L2105], however, results from other studies may vary [L2082], [L27280].Interestingly, zinc supplementation has become a critical intervention for treating diarrheal episodes in children. Studies suggest that administration of zinc along with new low osmolarity oral rehydration solutions/salts (oral rehydration solution), may reduce both the duration and severity of diarrheal episodes for up to 12 weeks [L422].More information about Zinc (in its natural form) is available at [DB01593].		
DB11250	Glyceryl monostearate	experimental	Glycerol monostearate, commonly known as GMS, is the glycerol ester of stearic acid . It is commonly used as an emulsifier in foods.		
DB11251	Tocopherol	approved,investigational	Tocopherol exists in four different forms designated as α, β, δ, and γ. They present strong antioxidant activities, and it is determined as the major form of vitamin E. Tocopherol, as a group, is composed of soluble phenolic compounds that consist of a chromanol ring and a 16-carbon phytyl chain. The classification of the tocopherol molecules is designated depending on the number and position of the methyl substituent in the chromanol ring. The different types of tocopherol can be presented trimethylated, dimethylated or methylated in the positions 5-, 7- and 8-. When the carbons at position 5- and 7- are not methylated, they can function as electrophilic centers that can trap reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. Tocopherols can be found in the diet as part of vegetable oil such as corn, soybean, sesame, and cottonseed.[A32436] It is currently under the list of substances generally recognized as safe (GRAS) in the FDA for the use of human consumption.[L2114]		
DB11252	Poloxamer 407	investigational	Poloxamer 407 is a polyoxyethylene polymer and hydrophilic non-ionic surfactant. It consists of a central hydrophobic block of polypropylene glycol that is flanked on each side by polyethylene glycol blocks, both hydrophilic in nature. Poloxamer 407 is used as an emulsifying agent and solubilizing agent in cosmetic and personal products such as contact lens cleaning solutions.		
DB11253	Xanthan gum	approved	Xanthan gum is a polysaccharide gum derived from* Xanthomonas campestris* by a pure-culture fermentation process and purified by recovery with isopropyl alcohol. The major constituents include D-glucose, D-mannose, and D-glucuronic acid. Xanthan gum is a direct food additive permitted for direct addition to food for human consumption by the FDA. It is used as a thickening agent and stabilizer in emulsions.		
DB11254	Hexylresorcinol	approved	Hexylresorcinol is a substituted dihydroxybenzene. It exhibits antiseptic, anthelmintic, and local anesthetic properties. It can be found in topical applications for minor skin infections and in oral solutions or throat lozenges for pain relief and first aid antiseptic.The compound may also be used commonly in various commercial cosmetic anti-aging creams while ongoing studies research the possibility of using hexylresorcinol as an anti-cancer therapy - indications all of which require further study and testing at the current moment.		
DB11255	Chromium picolinate	approved	Chromium picolinate has a chemical formula CrPic3 and reddish-pink color. It is a coordination complex consisting of chromium(III) and picolinic acid. Chromium picolinate is used as a nutritional supplement for optimal insulin function in patients with Type 2 diabetes or promotion of weight loss. Chromium ions are shown to regulate insulin by promoting glucose utilization and increasing the sensitivity of the insulin receptor [A27235].		
DB11256	Levomefolic acid	approved,investigational	Levomefolic acid (INN) is the metabolite of folic acid (Vitamin B9) and it is a predominant active form of folate found in foods and in the blood circulation, accounting for 98% of folates in human plasma [A19276]. It is transported across the membranes including the blood-brain barrier into various tissues where it plays an essential role in the DNA synthesis, cysteine cycle and regulation of homocysteine, where it methylates homocysteine and forms methionine and tetrahydrofolate (THF). Levomefolate is approved as a food additive and is designated a GRAS (generally regarded as safe) compound [L773]. It is available commercially as a crystalline form of the calcium salt (Metafolin(R)), which has the stability required for use as a supplement [A19276]. Supplementation of levomefolic acid is desired over folic acid due to reduced potential for masking vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms.		
DB11257	Fluoride ion	approved	Having a chemical formula of F−, fluoride ion is the simplest inorganic, monatomic anion of fluorine with basic properties. It is considered a trace element. Fluoride ions are found in various minerals but are only present in trace amounts in water. Its various salt forms and minerals play numerous roles as chemical reagents, industrial chemicals, and commercial products. It also plays an essential physiological role, such as enhancing the resistance profile and strength of the surface tooth enamel.		
DB11259	Diosmetin	experimental	Diosmetin is an O-methylated flavone and the aglycone part of the flavonoid glycosides diosmin that occurs naturally in citrus fruits [A27231]. Pharmacologically, diosmetin is reported to exhibit anticancer, antimicrobial, antioxidant, oestrogenic and anti-inflamatory activities [A27231]. It also acts as a weak TrkB receptor agonist [A27230].		
DB11260	Diacetyl benzoyl lathyrol	approved	Diacetyl benzoyl lathyrol is an active ingredient in whitening creams. It is also reported to be a skin conditioning agent.		
DB11261	Atractylodes japonica root	approved			
DB11262	Bisoctrizole	approved	Bisoctrizole, or methylene bis-benzotriazolyl tetramethylbutylphenol, is a broad-spectrum organic UV filter that is marketed as Tinosorb M [A19212]. It is a benzotriazole-based organic compound that absorbs, reflects, and scatters both UV-A and UV-B rays. Bisoctrizole is not approved by the FDA, but is approved in the EU and other parts of the world as a UV-filter in sunscreens, day care products and skin lightening products at a maximum concentration of 10% [F90].		
DB11263	Polydatin	approved	Polydatin, or Piceid, is a natural precursor and glycoside form of resveratrol with a monocrystalline structure. While it is isolated from the bark of *Picea sitchensis* or *Polygonum cuspidatum*, polydatin may be detected in grape, peanut, hop cones, red wines, hop pellets, cocoa-containing products, chocolate products and many daily diets [A27226]. Polydatin possesses anti-inflammatory, immunoregulatory, anti-oxidative and anti-tumor activities. It is shown to mediate a cytotoxic action on colorectal cancer cells by inducing cell arrest and apoptosis [A27229].		
DB11264	Calcium glycerophosphate	approved	Calcium glycerophosphate is a [DB01373] salt of glycerophosphoric acid that forms a white, fine, slightly hygroscopic powder. The commercial product is a mixture of calcium beta-, and D-, and L -alpha-glycerophosphate. By FDA, calcium glycerophosphate is considered a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) food ingredient as a nutrient supplement (source of calcium or phosphorus), or in food products such as gelatins, puddings, and fillings. It is also present in dental or oral hygiene products due to its cariostatic effects. It is suggested that calcium glycerophosphate promotes plaque-pH buffering, elevation of plaque [DB01373] and phosphate levels and direct interaction with dental mineral [A27153].		
DB11265	Curcuma xanthorrhiza oil	nutraceutical	_Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ oil is extracted from _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ Roxb., a member of the ginger family (_Zingiberaceae_) that is widely distributed in the region of Southeastern Asia [A33162].  _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ is also known as Javanese Turmeric or Temoe Lawak [F114]. For centuries, _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ oil has been used as a traditional medicine due to its antibacterial, antispasmodic, antioxidative, antitumor, anti-inflammatory and protective effects [A33160]. It has been used in the treatment of stomach diseases, liver disorders, constipation, bloody diarrhoea, dysentery, children’s fevers, hypotriglyceridaemic, haemorrhoids and skin eruptions [A33162]. _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ oil is comprised of 1-2% of curcumin and 3-12% volatile oil, which mainly contains sesquiterpenes, 44.5% of xanthorrhizol, and a small amount of [DB01744] [F114]. However the principal active components of Curcuma xanthorrhiza are [DB11672] and xanthorrhizol that display a wide range of pharmacological activities and synergistic effects [F114]. Curcumin is a mixture of dicinnamoylmethane derivatives and other phenolic and non-phenolic diarylheptanoids [F114]. _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ oil is found as an active ingredient in cosmetic and hygienic products, and marketing of products containing _Curcuma xanthorrhiza_ oil is authorized in some European countries including Germany and the Netherlands [F114].		
DB11266	Sea salt	approved	Sea salt is the salt obtained from the evaporation of seawater or water from saltwater lakes. Sea salt production is subject to little processing which leaves certain trace minerals and elements behind. In comparison, table salt is mined from underground sedimentary deposits and is more heavily processed to eliminate minerals. Unlike sea salt, table salt usually contains an additive to prevent clumping and involves addition of iodine. Sea salt is a food ingredient and is often colored by adding charcoal or red clay to sometimes be referred to as “Hawaiian Sea Salt.”		
DB11267	Triethoxycaprylylsilane	experimental			
DB11268	Protocatechualdehyde	experimental	Also known as protocatechuic aldehyde, protocatechualdehyde is a naturally-occuring phenolic aldehyde that is found in barley, green cavendish bananas, grapevine leaves and root of the herb S. miltiorrhiza [A27224]. Protocatechualdehyde possesses antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic properties against human breast cancer cells and colorectal cancer cells by reducing the expression of pro-oncogenes β-catenin and cyclin D1.		
DB11269	Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate	approved	Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate is a UV filter with high absorption in the UV-A range. Minimizing the overexposure of human skin to ultraviolet radiation that may lead to acute and chronic photodamage, diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate is an oil-soluble UV filter that may be incorporated in the oil phase of emulsions [F107]. Diethylamino hydroxybenzoyl hexyl benzoate was approved in Europe in 2005, and is also marketed in the U.S., South America, Mexico, Japan and Taiwan. It has a chemical structure similar to the classical benxophoenone drug class, and displays good photostability [A33171]. It is used in concentrations up to 10% in sunscreen products, either alone or in combination with other UV absorbers [F107].		
DB11270	Atractylodes japonica root oil	approved	Atractylodes japonica root oil is obtained from the roots of Atractylodes japonica, which is a herb native to eastern Asia. It is present in some cosmetic products such as whitening creams as an active ingredient and lubricant for skin irritation. Atractylodes japonica is reported to have anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive effects [A27223].		
DB11271	Polysilicone-15	approved	Polysilicone-15 is a silicone based UVB absorber [L2796, L2797, L2799, F87, F88, F89]. The compound is a colorless to pale yellow viscous liquid which is soluble in organic solvents of medium polarity and insoluble in water [L2796, L2797, L2799, F87, F88, F89]. It is the first polymeric UVB filer consisting of chromophores attached to a silicone backbone [L2796, L2797, L2799, F87, F88, F89]. When included in various other cosmetic shampoos, conditioners, or hairsprays the compound also functions as an effective photostabilizer of the product [L2796, L2797, L2799, F87, F88, F89].		
DB11272	Methyl undecenoyl leucinate	experimental	Methyl undecenoyl leucinate is an active ingredient in whitening creams. It is an α-MSH antagonist that inhibits melanin synthesis and tyrosinase activity and reduces expression of various melanogenic genes.		
DB11273	Dihydroergocornine	approved	Dihydroergocornine is one of the dihydrogenated ergot compounds that present very large hypotensive effects.[A32962] It is an artificial derivative of the crude extract of ergot and later purified, ergocornine.[A32964] The formation of dihydroergocornine implies the hydrogenation of the double bonds in the lysergic acid.[A32965] Dihydroergocornine presents a formula of 9,10 alpha-dihydro-12'-hydroxy-2',5'alpha-bis(1-methylethyl)-ergotaman-3',6',18-trione.[T190] It is found as one of the components in the ergoloid mesylate mixture. To know more about this mixture please refer to [DB01049]		
DB11274	Dihydro-alpha-ergocryptine	approved	Alpha-dihydroergocryptine is usually referred to the mixture of the alpha and beta dihydroergocryptine. These two compounds are differentiated in the position of a methyl group. This structural difference is due to a proteinogenic amino acid replacement from leucine to isoleucine.[T195] Both compounds are hydrogenated ergot derivatives. Alpha-dihydroergocryptine approved drug product is as a part of an ergoloid mixture. To know more about this mixture, please visit [DB01049]		
DB11275	Epicriptine	approved	Epicriptine is also known as beta-dihydroergocryptine presents a molecular formula of 9,10 alpha-dihydro-13'-epi-b-ergocryptine. Together with the alpha-dihydroergocryptine, it represents one-third of the ergoloid mesylate mixture. Epicriptine differs from the alpha form on the position of one methyl group.[T195] To know more about the mixture please visit [DB01049]		
DB11276	Pine needle oil (pinus mugo)	experimental	Pine needle oil is obtained from the needles of *Pinus mugo* tree via steam distillation. Major components of pine needle oil (pinus mugo) include α-Pinene, β-pinene, δ-3-carene, limonene, β-phellandrene, (E)-caryophyllene, and germacrene D. It is present in aromatherapeutic agents as a massage oil or fragrance and may also be used as a disinfectant, lubricant, sanitizer, antimicrobial, insecticide and organic herbicide.		
DB11277	Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrex gly	approved	Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrex gly, or Aluminum Zirconium Tetrachlorohydrex Glycine, is commonly used as an antiperspirant in many deodorant products. It is a coordination complex of Aluminum Zirconium pentachlorohydrate and glycine. Its anhydrous form allows the molecule to absorb moisture.		
DB11278	DL-Methylephedrine	approved	Methylephedrine is a sympathomimetic amine that appears in various over-the-counter cough and cold medications throughout the world [L2838], [L2839], [L2840]. The abuse of methylephedrine-containing medications has been reported in Japan. Methylephedrine is not legally available in the United States, but has been identified in cases of drug abuse [L2836].		
DB11279	Brilliant green cation	approved,vet_approved	Brilliant green, or ethanaminium, is a derivative of triarylmethane dye that has been used as a dye to color silk and wool. Due to its inhibitory actions against Gram positive microorganisms, brilliant green can be found in antiseptic products such as solutions and swabs used to prevent infection.		
DB11281	Bismuth subcarbonate	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11282	Diethyltoluamide	approved	Diethyltoluamide (DEET) is the common active ingredient in many insect repellent products. It is widely used to repel biting pests such as mosquitoes and ticks. Every year, DEET formulations are used to protect populations from mosquito-borne illnesses like West Nile Virus, the Zika virus, malaria, and/or tick-borne illnesses like Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain spotted fever. And, despite concerns over excessive exposure to the chemical, appropriate usage of the chemical at the recommended dosages and routes of administration have generally proven to be safe - even when most DEET products are largely designed to be applied directly to human skin, where the exact mechanisms of actions in which DEET is capable of repelling insects and causing toxicity to humans is still not fully elucidated.		
DB11283	DL-dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine	approved	A synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers for the study of biological membranes. It is used in commercial drug preparations to solubilize drugs for injection [A32711]		
DB11284	DL-dimyristoylphosphatidylglycerol	approved	DL-dimyristoylphosphatidylglycerol is a phospholipid used in commercially available pharmaceutical preparations to solubilize drugs for injection.		
DB11285	Ethyl ferulate	approved,experimental			
DB11286	Colloidal oatmeal	approved,nutraceutical	Colloidal oatmeal is produced by grinding fine granules of oatmeal and boiling it to extract the colloidal material. It contains high concentrations of starches and beta-glucan that exhibits water-absorbing properties. Phenols are also contained in colloidal oatmeal, which possess antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities, as well as UV-absorbing activity. Colloidal oatmeal is a FDA-approved skin protectant that temporarily protects and helps relieve minor skin irritation and itching due to rashes, eczema, poison ivy, oak, sumac, or insect bites. It is available in topical products as a skin soothing agent.		
DB11288	Borneol	experimental			
DB11289	Methicone (20 CST)	experimental			
DB11290	Aluminium tristearate	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11291	2-ethylhexyl benzoate	experimental			
DB11293	Rice bran oil	approved	Rice bran oil is extracted from the hard outer brown layer of rice after chaff (rice husk) used for high-temperature cooking methods such as deep frying and stir frying. It contains monosaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and saturated fatty acids. The major constituents of rice bran oil include myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, and α-Linolenic acid. Rice bran oil is classified as an indirect additive used in food contact substances by the FDA.		
DB11294	Coccidioides immitis spherule	approved	Coccidioides immitis spherule is a skin test antigen indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis.		
DB11295	Trichophyton verrucosum	approved	Trichophyton verrucosum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichophyton verrucosum extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB11296	Prezatide	experimental	Prezatide is a tripeptide consisting of glycine, histidine, and lysine which readily forms a complex with copper ions [A19503]. Prezatide is used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair. It is known to aid wound healing and its potential applications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and metastatic colon cancer are currently being investigated.		
DB11297	Palmitoyl oligopeptide	experimental			
DB11298	Thioredoxin	approved	Thioredoxin is a small dithiol protein and specific reductant for major allergenic proteins present in foods from animal and plant products. It is a 12-kD oxidoreductase enzyme encoded by TXN and TXN2 genes that contains a dithiol-disulfide active site. It plays an essential role as an antioxidant in neutralizing food allergens and redox signalling. Allergens containing disulfide bonds are inactivated when reduced by thioredoxin.		
DB11299	Vanillyl butyl ether	approved	Vanillyl butyl ether is an ether of monohydroxybenzoic acid. It is added to food products as a flavoring agent. It is also present in cosmetics and personal care products as a fragrance ingredient, oral care agent, hair conditioning agent, and warming or cooling agent.		
DB11300	Thrombin	approved,investigational	Also known as coagulation factor II, thrombin is a serine protease that plays a physiological role in regulating hemostasis and maintaining blood coagulation. Once converted from prothrombin, thrombin converts fibrinogen to fibrin, which, in combination with platelets from the blood, forms a clot.Medical thrombin is a protein substance produced through a conversion reaction in which prothrombin of bovine origin is activated by tissue thromboplastin in the presence of calcium chloride. Thrombin requires no intermediate physiological agent for its action. It clots the fibrinogen of the blood directly. Failure to clot blood occurs in the rare case where the primary clotting defect is the absence of fibrinogen itself.Bovine thrombin however, is capable of causing fatal severe bleeding or thrombosis [FDA Label]. This thrombosis may result from the development of antibodies against bovine thrombin [FDA Label]. Bleeding may result from the development of antibodies against bovine factor V [FDA Label]. These antibodies may subsequently cross-react with endogenous human factor V and lead to its deficiency [FDA Label]. Patients who are know or suspected to have antibodies to bovine thrombin and/or bovine factor V should not be re-exposed to the product [FDA Label]. Patients who are administered bovine thrombin should be monitored for abnormal coagulation laboratory values, bleeding, or indeed, thrombosis [FDA Label].A variety of human thrombin and recombinant thrombin (ie. thrombin alfa) products are available as alternatives to using bovine thrombin.		
DB11301	Curcuma aromatica root oil	approved	Curcuma aromatica root oil is obtained from the roots of *Curcuma aromatica*, or more commonly called wild tumeric, via steamed distillation. *Curcuma aromatica* belongs to the family Zingiberaceae. The wild ginger has been used as a cosmetic herbal where its rhizomes exhibit a distinct fragrance and color. The major constituents of Curcuma aromatica root oil are reported to be camphor, curzerenone, α-turmerone, ar-turmerone and 1,8-cineole [A27219]. Curcuma aromatica root oil is also suggested to have antibacterial activity.		
DB11302	Hydrogenated soybean oil	experimental	Extracted from the seeds of the soybean (Glycine soja), hydrogenated soybean oil is a major food fat used in the production of margarine, shortening, and salad and cooking oils. According to the FDA, hydrogenated soybean oil is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) food substance. Linolenic acid and stearic acids are contained in hydrogenated soybean oil, but hydrogenation results in reduced unsaturation in linolenic acid. It may be found in cosmetics and personal care products as an emollient or skin conditioning agent.		
DB11304	Phenoxyethanol	approved	Phenoxyethanol is a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. It is a glycol ether used as a perfume fixative, insect repellent, antiseptic, solvent, preservative, and also as an anesthetic in fish aquaculture. Phenoxyethanol is an ether alcohol with aromatic properties. It is both naturally found and manufactured synthetically. Demonstrating antimicrobial ability, phenoxyethanol acts as an effective preservative in pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and lubricants [L2619].Phenoxyethanol (EU), or PE, is the most commonly used globally-approved preservative in personal care formulations. It is very easy to use in various types of formulations and is chemically stable. Phenoxyethanol is a colorless, clear, oily liquid with a faint aromatic odor at room temperature and a low water solubility and evaporation rate. It is produced by reacting phenol (EU) and ethylene oxide (EU) at a high temperature and pressure. This substance occurs naturally in green tea (EU) [L2621]. According to the European Union Cosmetics Regulation (EC) n.1223/2009, phenoxyethanol is authorized as a preservative in cosmetic formulations at a maximum concentration of 1.0% [L2625].Phenoxyethanol has been classified as an antimicrobial and preservative by Health Canada [L2623].  It has also been used in vaccines and shown to inactivate bacteria, and several types of yeast [A32838].		
DB11305	Quaternium-18	experimental	Quaternium-18 is a mixture of quaternary ammonium chloride salts. Quaternium-18 Hectorite and Bentonite are the reaction products of Quaternium-18 with clays. These compounds are poorly absorbed through the skin. Acute oral and percutaneous toxicity tests in animals indicate that they exhibit little or no systemic toxic effects.		
DB11306	Bentonite	approved			
DB11309	Sulfuric acid	experimental			
DB11311	Prothrombin	approved	Prothrombin Complex Concentrate (Human), is indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients with acute major bleeding.		
DB11312	Protein C	approved	Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation.Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceprotin, which is indicated for use in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.		
DB11313	Phenyl trimethicone	experimental			
DB11315	Methscopolamine	approved	Methscopolamine is a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine and antagonist at muscarininc (mACh) receptors. Methscopolamine bromide is the most common form of the active ingredient in oral pharmaceutical products. The oral tablets are used as an adjunct therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer and is shown to be effective in decreasing the rate of recurrence of peptic ulcers as well as preventing complications.		
DB11318	1,2-Docosahexanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine	experimental			
DB11321	Cod liver oil	nutraceutical,vet_approved	Cod liver oil is extracted from the liver of cod fish and mainly consists of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Also being a rich source of vitamin A and D, cod liver oil can be taken orally as daily supplements. It is used as an adjunct treatment and preventative therapy of rickets, osteomalacia and osteoporosis while meeting the consumption criteria.		
DB11323	Glycol salicylate	approved	Glycol salicylate, also known as _2-hydroxyethyl salicylate_, is a benzoate ester formed from the condensation of the carboxy group of salicylic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of ethylene glycol. It is found as an active ingredient and topical analgesic in patches used to provide relief for mild to moderate muscle and joint pain [L2686]. This drug belongs to the _salicylate_ group of drugs, which are used as analgesic agents for the treatment of mild to moderate pain [L2691].Glycol salicylate (GS), composed of salicylic acid (SA) and ethylene glycol, is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug [L2687]. This ingredient is an important component of many topical creams and sprays for the relief of aches, pains, and stiffness of the muscles, joints, and tendons [L2696].		
DB11324	Nonivamide	investigational	Nonivamide is found in herbs and spices. It is an alkaloid from the Capsicum species. The structures of [DB06774] and nonivamide differ only slightly with respect to the fatty acid moiety of the side chain (8-methyl nonenoic acid versus nonanoic acid) [F31].Nonivamide is a flavoring ingredient. Nonivamide is an organic compound and a capsaicinoid. It is an amide of pelargonic acid and _vanillylamine_.  It is naturally found in chili peppers but manufactured to produce a synthetic form for various pharmacologic preparations [L2641].This drug has been studied in combination with Nicarboxil in the treatment of lower back pain [L2642].Nonivamide has also been studied for its anti-inflammatory properties, as well as in fat loss therapies and has demonstrated promising results [L2643], [A32888], [A32886], [A32884].		
DB11325	Soy sterol	experimental			
DB11326	Boric acid	approved	Boric acid, also known as hydrogen borate, is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3. Boric acid is typically utilized in industrial processing and manufacturing, but is also used as an additive in pharmaceutical products, cosmetics, lotions, soaps, mouthwash, toothpaste, astringents, and eyewashes [L2140]. It is known to exhibit some antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis [A32449].		
DB11327	Dipyrithione	approved	Dipyrithione is a pyrithione derivate used as bactericide and fungicide. The drug was marketed under the name Crimanex in the form of shampoo for the treatment of dandruff, however it is no longer available on the manufacturer website (Drossa Pharm [L2611].  It is currently used as a pesticide [A32829].Interestingly, dipyrithione has been studied and shown to have cytotoxic and potent broad-spectrum antitumor activity, which suggests a potential basis for an anticancer drug development [A32825].Pyrithione derivatives, such as [DB06815] and sodium pyrithione, are widely used as cosmetic preservatives and as anti-dandruff agents in shampoos [A32825].  It may be combined with other ingredients, such as triclosan to serve as antifungal and antibacterial skin treatments [L2615].Dandruff is a common scalp disease affecting >40% of the world's adult population, and may be caused by fungi such as _Malassezia globosa_ and _M. restricta_ [A32162].		
DB11328	Tetradecyl hydrogen sulfate (ester)	approved	Sodium tetradecyl sulfate is an anionic surface-active agent which is used for its wetting properties in the industry and is also used in medicine as a blood vessel irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins [L2031].Sodium tetradecyl sulfate has been widely used since the 1950s, and in 1978 the first successful report of injecting a 1% solution into spider angiomas in 144 patients was made. Also noted was an unspecified number of episodes of epidermal necrosis without significant long-term effects and a 30% incidence of post-sclerosis pigmentation that resolved within a few months [L2035].		
DB11329	C11-12 isoparaffin	approved	C11-12 isoparaffin is a mixture of branched chain hydrocarbons with 11C or 12C's in the alkyl chain. It is found in cosmetic and personal care products as solvents or skin conditioning agent.		
DB11330	Factor IX Complex (Human)	approved,investigational	Factor IX Complex is a sterile, lyophilized concentrate composed of a number of Vitamin K-dependent clotting factors found in functioning human plasma. Also known as prothrombin complex concentrate, products containing this complex often include Factor IX (antihemophilic factor B), Factor II (prothrombin), Factor X (Stuart-Prower Factor), and low levels of Factor VII (proconvertin) derived from human plasma.  Many commercially available products also contain low levels of other antithrombotic proteins. For example, Kcentra (FDA) also contains the antithrombotic proteins C and S, while Bebulin VH (FDA) contains heparin. Coagulation factors are purified from pooled human plasma and subsequently sterilized and treated. Although Factor IX Complex products contain many different coagulation components, Factor IX  is the lead component for potency and efficacy, particularly when used for the treatment of bleeding associated with Hemophilia B (Factor IX deficiency).  As the product Kcentra, Factor IX Complex is also indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients experiencing acute major bleeding or requiring rapid reversal of therapy.		
DB11331	1-Palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-(phospho-rac-(1-glycerol))	approved,experimental	Palmitoyloleoyl-phosphatidylglycerol was a component of Surfaxin, discontinued in 2017, which acted as a surfactant [FDA Label]. The product was meant to compensate for alveolar surfactant deficiency and reduce to likelihood of alveolar collapse leading to acute respiratory collapse.		
DB11332	Sinapultide	approved	Sinapultide (also known as KL4 peptide) is a synthetic protein used to mimic human lung surfactant protein B.[L2502] This protein has a weight of 2469.40.[L2502]Sinapultide is a 21-residue peptide made up of lysine (K) and leucine (L) residues with the sequence KLLLLKLLLLKLLLLKLLLLK (KL4), in aqueous dispersion with the phospholipids DPPC (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine), POPG (palmitoyloleoyl-phosphatidylglycerol), and palmitic acid, to create the drug [lucinactant].[L2506]The product was originally developed by the Scripps Research Institute, then licensed to Windtree Therapeutics.[L2502] Windtree Therapeutics plans a phase III trial for Respiratory distress syndrome in 2018.[L2505]Respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) is a major cause of mortality and morbidity in preterm infants. Surfactant replacement therapy has been commonly used to prevent and treat RDS in these newborns and is now a standard of care. First-generation synthetic surfactants that were previously used, such as _Exosurf_ did not contain any surfactant protein. This large disadvantage was overcome with animal-derived surfactant products which contain specific proteins but are limited, but must be derived from animal sources. This has led to the development of newer synthetic surfactants such as lucinactant (Surfaxin), which contains sinapultide. Phase 3 clinical trials with Surfaxin show promising results with similar efficacy as animal-derived surfactants while avoiding the use of animal-origin products.[L2504]Windtree is currently developing aerosolized KL4 surfactant to treat RDS in premature infants, and thereafter, to potentially address a range of indications in neonatal, pediatric and adult critical care patient populations.[L2511]		
DB11333	Poloxamer 188	approved,investigational	Poloxamer 188 (P188) is a nonionic block linear copolymer that exhibits rheologic, anti-thrombotic, anti-inflammatory, and cytoprotective activities in various tissue injury models [A33121]. Composed of two hydrophilic side-chains attached to a hydrophobic center core [A27218], its average molecular weight is 8400 Daltons. P188 has been approved by the FDA for more than 50 years as a therapeutic agent to reduce viscosity in the blood before transfusions [A27217]. Due to its sufactant properties, P188 may also be found in over-the-counter (OTC) products such as toothpaste, laxatives and mouthwash, and used in various cosmetic, industrial and pharmaceutical applications. There is an evidence of P188 increasing the structural stability and resealing of the plasma membrane via direct incorporation into the phospholipid bilayer [A27217]. The ability of P188 in attenuating membrane damage and cell injury has been demonstrated in a variety of _in vivo_ and _in vitro_ models [A27218]. The use of P188 as a potential treatment in different pathological conditions, such as chronic microvascular diseases and skeletal muscle deficiencies, is under investigation [A27217].		
DB11335	Ascorbyl glucoside	experimental			
DB11336	Kinetin	approved	Kinetin is a cytokinin which are plant hormones promotes cell division and plant growth. It was shown to naturally exist in DNA of organisms including humans and various plants. While kinetin is used in tissue cultures to produce new plants, it is also found in cosmetic products as an anti-aging agents.		
DB11337	Zeatin	experimental	An aminopurine factor in plant extracts that induces cell division. (Grant & Hackh's Chemical Dict, 5th ed)		
DB11338	Clove oil	approved,nutraceutical	Clove oil is obtained by extraction from the dried flower buds of the clove plant. Traditionally, it has been used as a flavouring spice in foods, or as a fragrance. It is also found in topical analgesics. Clove oil has shown to exert some antimicrobial activities. The antioxidant and antimicrobial activity of clove is higher than that of many fruits, vegetables, and other spices [A33133].Clove is native of Indonesia but is now cultured in several parts of the world, including Brazil in the state of _Bahia_. This plant represents one of the richest source of phenolic compounds such as _eugenol_, _eugenol acetate_ and _gallic acid_ and has great potential for pharmaceutical, cosmetic, food and agricultural applications [A33133].Interestingly, clove oil has been studied for its potential benefit in treating neuropathic pain, as well as vaginal candidiasis with promising results [A33137], [A33144].The FDA categorizes clove oil as generally recognized as safe (GRAS) for use in dental cement or as a food additive [F108].		
DB11340	Ubiquinol	approved,investigational	Ubiquinol (CoQH2) is a reduced form of coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) that acts as an active antioxidant that prevents the initiation and propagation of lipid peroxidation in biological membranes and human low-density lipoprotein (LDL). It plays an essential role in maintaining cellular defense against oxidative damage and also sustains the effects of vitamin E by regenerating the vitamin from the tocopheroxyl radical, but ubiquinol is not classified as a vitamin because it is synthesized by humans. There are varying concentrations of ubiquinol in foods, OTC products and dietary supplement products.		
DB11341	Ichthammol	approved	Ichthammol is also referred to as ammonium bituminosulfonate or ammonium bituminosulphonate. It is an ammonium salt of dark sulfonated shale oil (bituminous schists) produced via distillation of the oil followed by sulfonation and neutralization. It is available in OTC products as an active ingredient for the treatment of skin disorders such as eczema, psoriasis and boils as it is thought to exhibit anti-inflammatory, antibacterial and antimycotic properties [L997].		
DB11342	Aluminum oxide	approved	Aluminum oxide has a chemical formula Al2O3. It is amphoteric in nature, and is used in various chemical, industrial and commercial applications. It is considered an indirect additive used in food contact substances by the FDA.		
DB11343	Silanol	approved	Silanol is an FDA-approved food contact substance that is commonly used in organosilicon chemistry and silicate mineralogy.		
DB11344	(+)-menthol	experimental			
DB11345	(S)-camphor	experimental	(S)-camphor, or L(-)-Camphor, is a stereoisomer of [DB01744], a bicyclic monoterpene known to potentiate both heat and cold sensations [A33087]. (S)-camphor is not the naturally-occurring stereoisomer but displays similar TRPV channel affinity and current inhibition [A33086]. [DB01744] is isolated from the wood of the camphor laurel tree, _Cinnamomum camphora_, and had a long history of medicinal use. It has been used as a nasal decongestant and cough suppressant, and has been topically applied due to its antipruritic, analgesic, and counterirritant properties [A33086]. Camphor is a major active ingredient in over-the-counter balms and liniments supplied as topical analgesics by causing sensitization to heat and coolness to relieve minor muscle and joint pain [A33086].		
DB11346	Rubidium	approved,investigational			
DB11347	Bacillus subtilis	experimental			
DB11348	Calcium Phosphate	approved	Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [L851].		
DB11349	Cetyl ethylhexanoate	experimental	Cetyl ethylhexanoate is an ester of cetyl alcohol and 2-ethylhexanoic acid. It is present in cosmetic products as a skin conditioning agent and emollient.		
DB11350	Cocamidopropyl betaine	experimental	Cocamidopropyl betaine is a mixture of closely related organic compounds derived from coconut oil and dimethylaminopropylamine that typically acts as an amphoteric surfactant in cosmetics and personal care products. It is a zwitterionic ammonium compound and fatty acid amide that contains a long hydrocarbon chain and a polar group at each end. Cocamidopropyl betaine is used as a foam booster in shampoos, emulsifying agent, thickener, antistatic agent and rarely an antiseptic agent. Impurities formed during the manufacturing process are thought to increase the prevalence of contact sensitization and mild skin irritations.		
DB11352	Ascorbyl phosphate	approved	Ascorbyl phosphate is a synthetic form of Vitamin C and is found in different salt forms such as magnesium ascorbyl phosphate and sodium ascorbyl phosphate. These salts are present in cosmetic products at concentrations ranging from 0.001 % to 3% [A27211]. As vitamin C is susceptible to breakdown of compound and discoloration in cosmetic formulations, ascorbyl phosphate, along with other Vitamin C derivatives, acts as an active and stable precursor of vitamin C that is readily absorbed into the skin with a hydrating effect on the skin [A27212]. While ascorbyl phosphate salts provide a constant delivery of vitamin C into the skin, they also mediate an antioxidant action to act as a free radical scavenger and increases collagen production *in vitro* [A27212].		
DB11355	Propolis wax	approved	Propolis wax is naturally produced by honeybees by mixing the resin or exudate collected from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources with beeswax that contains fatty acids and bee enzymes. Propolis itself contains various chemical compounds including flavonoids, terpenoids, aldehydes, aromatic acids, aliphatic alcohols and ethers, amino acids, and sugars.It is often found in topical formulations used to soothe minor skin irritations.		
DB11356	Polyquaternium-10 (400 cps at 2%)	approved	Polyquaternium-10 is a quaternized hydroxyethyl cellulose and a polycationic polymer. It is commonly found in cosmetics and personal care products to mainly reduce static electricity and form films.		
DB11357	Linseed oil	approved,investigational	Linseed oil is a rich source of α-Linolenic acid extracted from the dried, ripened seeds of the flax plant *Linum usitatissimum*. Other fatty acids contained in linseed oil include palmitic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid and linolenic acid. Linseed oil is particularly susceptible to polymerization reactions upon exposure to oxygen in air due to a high content of di- and triunsaturated esters. It is used in drying processes, and is used in other industrial and commercial applications. It is an indirect additive used in food contact substances.		
DB11358	Evening primrose oil	investigational,nutraceutical	Evening primrose oil comes from the extraction from _Oenothera biennis_ seeds and it is commonly used as an alternative source for omega-6 essential fatty acids. In its composition it presents some fatty acids such as [DB00132] and [DB13854].[A33131] Evening primrose oil has been filled for the FDA by Humanetics Corporation on April 2000 to be a new dietary ingredient but its current status is "Inadequate basis for expectation of safety".[L2845] By Health Canada, evening primrose oil is approved in over-the-counter combination dietary supplements.[L1113] By the EMA, evening primrose oil is approved in herbal preparations.[L2851]		
DB11359	Guaiacol	approved	Guaiacol is an agent thought to have disinfectant properties and used as an expectorant. Guaiacol is a phenolic natural product first isolated from Guaiac resin and the oxidation of lignin. Guaiacol is also present in wood smoke, as a product of pyrolysis of lignin. Guaiacol has been found in the urine of patients with neuroblastoma and pheochromocytoma.		
DB11360	Lactobacillus plantarum	approved,investigational	*Lactobacillus plantarum* is a member of Lactobacillus, or lactic acid bacteria, that it is widely used in the food industry as a microbial starter and probiotic microorganism. It is considered to be one of versatile species that carry out fermentative and metabolic processes, while exhibiting an antagonistic activity against pathogenic and spoilage microorganisms. *L. plantarum* produces different antimicrobial agents such as organic acids, hydrogen peroxide, diacetyl, bacteriocins, and antimicrobial peptides [A27208].		
DB11361	Betula pendula tar oil	nutraceutical	Betula pendula tar oil is an essential oil found in the buds of the plant with the same name. The origin plant, also known as the European white or silver birch, grows mainly in the northern hemisphere. This oil is usually obtained by using both hydrodistillation and micro-distillation[A33154] and it is conformed mainly by [DB11143] and [DB11359].[T219] The utilization of this product started during the second world war in the Sovietic Union.[L2870] Betula pendula tar oil has been approved for its utilization in over-the-counter product combinations by Health Canada.[L1113] By the FDA, it is considered under the substances approved to be added to the food.[L2862] Under the EMA, betula pendula tar oil is approved under the category of herbal medicines for human use.[L2865]		
DB11362	Selexipag	approved	Selexipag was approved by the United States FDA on December 22, 2015 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization. PAH is a relatively rare disease with usually a poor prognosis requiring more treatment options to prolong long-term outcomes. Marketed by Actelion Pharmaceuticals under brand name Uptravi, selexipag and its active metabolite, ACT-333679 (MRE-269), act as agonists of the prostacyclin receptor to increase vasodilation in the pulmonary circulation and decrease elevated pressure in the blood vessels supplying blood to the lungs.		
DB11363	Alectinib	approved,investigational	Alectinib is a second generation oral drug that selectively inhibits the activity of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) tyrosine kinase. It is specifically used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) expressing the ALK-EML4 (echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4) fusion protein that causes proliferation of NSCLC cells. Inhibition of ALK prevents phosphorylation and subsequent downstream activation of STAT3 and AKT resulting in reduced tumour cell viability. Approved under accelerated approval in 2015, alectinib is indicated for use in patients who have progressed on or were not tolerant of crizotinib, which is associated with the development of resistance.		
DB11364	Pidotimod	experimental	Pidotimod is a synthetic dipeptide with immunomodulatory properties.		
DB11365	Sennosides	experimental	Sennosides (also known as senna glycoside or senna) is a medication used to treat constipation[FDA Label][L771] and empty the large intestine before surgery. The medication is taken by mouth or via the rectum[FDA Label]. It typically begins working in minutes when given by rectum and within twelve hours when given by mouth[FDA Label]. It is a weaker laxative than bisacodyl or castor oil[A177092]. Sennoside A, one of the sennosides present in the laxative medication, has recently proven effective in inhibiting the ribonuclease H (RNase H) activity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reverse transcriptase [A19231].		
DB11366	Roquinimex	investigational	Roquinimex is a derivative of quinoline that presents immunostimulant properties. Its effects are suggested to increase the activity of NK cells and macrophage cytotoxicity. Additionally, roquinimex is known to inhibit angiogenesis and to decrease the synthesis of TNF alpha.		
DB11367	Cefroxadine	withdrawn	Cefroxadine is an orally available cephalosporin antibiotic. As part of its drug class, it shares structural properties to [cefalexin] as well as its activity spectrum. It was used in Italy but has since been withdrawn.		
DB11368	Chlorophetanol	experimental	Chlorophetanol is an agent known to have antifungal activities.		
DB11369	Afoxolaner	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11371	Alfaxalone	vet_approved	Alfaxalone, also known as alphaxalone or alphaxolone, is a neuroactive steroid and general anaesthetic. It is used in veterinary practice under the trade name Alfaxan, and is licensed for use in both dogs and cats. Along with alfadolone, it is also one of the constituents of anesthetic drug mixture althesin.		
DB11372	Altrenogest	vet_approved	Altrenogest, also known as allyltrenbolone, is a steroidal progestin that is widely used in veterinary medicine to suppress estrus in animals.		
DB11373	Amitraz	experimental,vet_approved	Amitraz is a non-systemic acaricide and insecticide. It was generated in 1969 by the Boots Co. in England. Amitraz presents insect repellent effects and hence, it can be used as an insecticide and pesticide. Its insecticide effect is due to its agonistic activity in the alpha-adrenergic system, its interaction with the octopamine receptors in the central nervous system and its driven inhibition of the synthesis of monoamine oxidases and prostaglandins. All the abovementioned effects are translated into the overexcitation, paralysis, and death in insects. Amitraz presents a lower effect in mammals and thus, it is widely used in the treatment of mite- or tick-infestation of dogs.		
DB11374	Amprolium	experimental,vet_approved	Amprolium is a coccidiostat used in poultry.		
DB11375	Avilamycin	vet_approved			
DB11376	Azaperone	investigational,vet_approved	Azaperone is a pyridinylpiperazine and butyrophenone agent that is capable of eliciting neuroleptic sedative and antiemetic effects. It is subsequently employed predominantly as a veterinary tranquilizer and mainly for pigs and elephants. At the same time, the agent generally does not see equine use as particular adverse reactions may happen. More rarely it may be used in humans as an antipsychotic drug, but this is uncommon.		
DB11377	Bambermycins	vet_approved	Bambermycins are antibiotic complexes which are retrieved from the organism, _Streptomyces bambergiensis_. They are used as an additive in food ingested by chickens and swine. The bambermycin complex of antibiotics consists primarily of moenomycins A and C.		
DB11378	Buquinolate	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11379	Butonate	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11380	Cambendazole	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11382	Carbarsone	vet_approved	Carbarsone is a compound used as an antiprotozoal drug for the treatment of histomoniasis (or blackhead disease) in addition to other infectious diseases in chicken and turkeys. It belongs to the _organoarsenic_ group of chemical compounds and has antiamebic properties. It is also used as a food additive with the goal of increasing weight gain and controlling the occurrence of blackhead disease in chicken and turkeys.		
DB11383	Carbomycin	vet_approved	Carbomycin, also called magnamycin, is crystalline macrolide antibiotic. This antibacterial is obtained from _Streptomyces halstedii_ and it presents a large inhibitory effect against Gram-positive bacteria and some Mycoplasma strains. The structure of carbomycin was generated in 1957 by Robert Woodward and later modified in 1965.		
DB11385	Cefalonium	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11386	Chlorobutanol	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Chlorobutanol, or chlorbutol, is an alcohol-based preservative with no surfactant activity [A32746]. It also elicits sedative-hypnotic and weak local anesthetic actions in addition to antibacterial and antifungal properties. Similar in nature to chloral hydrate, it is formed by the simple nucleophilic addition of chloroform and acetone. As a long-term stabilizer of multi-ingredient preparations, chlorobutanol is normally used at a concentration of 0.5%. At this concentration, it also conserves its antimicrobial activity. Due to the long terminal half-life of 37 days, the use of chlorobutanol as a sedative is limited because of the considerable accumulation which will occur following multiple dosing [A32743]. Chlorobutanol is a common detergent preservative in eye drops and other ophthalmic therapeutic formulations [A32744].		
DB11387	Chloroform	approved,vet_approved	Chloroform is an organic small molecule, member of the family of the chloromethanes that presents a formula of CHCl3. It is a colorless, sweet-smelling, dense liquid that is produced on a large scale as a precursor to PTFE and refrigerants, but the latter application is declining.		
DB11389	Clorsulon	vet_approved			
DB11390	Coumaphos	vet_approved	This drug is a fat-soluble phosphorothioate agent that kills both insects and mites. It is non-volatile in nature and is well known by a variety of names as such a _dip_ or _wash_. Coumaphos is widely used for both farm and domestic animals to control ticks, mites, flies and fleas.		
DB11392	Cythioate	vet_approved	Cythioate is a member of the organothiophosphate compounds that is used as an insecticide and anthelmintic. It is mainly used in veterinary as a treatment for fleas.		
DB11393	Danofloxacin	experimental,vet_approved	Danofloxacin is an antibiotic agent from the family of the fluoroquinolones used in veterinary.		
DB11394	Decoquinate	experimental,vet_approved	Decoquinate is used in veterinary to delay the growth and reproduction of coccidian parasites.		
DB11395	Deracoxib	vet_approved	Deracoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug of the coxib class, used in veterinary medicine to treat osteoarthritis in dogs. It is sold in tablets, which have added beefy flavour to increase palatability. Deramaxx received FDA approval in August 2002 for "the control of post operative pain and inflammation associated with orthopedic surgery in dogs.		
DB11396	Dichlorophen	experimental,vet_approved	Dichlorophen is an antimicrobial agent shown to exert activity against cestodes, protozoa, fungi, and bacteria. It is often combined with toluene to remove parasites including ascarids, tapeworm, and hookworm from dogs and cats.		
DB11397	Dichlorvos	vet_approved	Dichlorvos or 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate is a drug of the _organophosphate_ class, frequently used as an insecticide for the control of  indoor pests and for the protection of stored products from insect infestations. The compound has been available on the market since 1961 and its use is a controversial topic due to environmental and health concerns. Dichlorvos is found in urban waterways and its toxicity may impact humans, leading to poisoning, neurotoxicity, and cancer.		
DB11398	Diclazuril	investigational,vet_approved	Diclazuril is a coccidiostat.		
DB11399	Dirlotapide	investigational,vet_approved	Dirlotapide is a drug employed in the treatment of obesity in dogs. It is marketed by Pfizer and Zoetis under the brand name, _Slentrol_, and is not intended for human use.		
DB11400	Doramectin	vet_approved	Doramectin is a veterinary drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of parasites such as gastrointestinal roundworms, lungworms, eyeworms, grubs, sucking lice and mange mites in cattle.		
DB11401	Efrotomycin	vet_approved			
DB11403	Emodepside	investigational,vet_approved	Emodepside is an anthelmintic drug that is effective against a number of gastrointestinal nematodes, is licensed for use in cats and belongs to the class of drugs known as the octadepsipeptides, a relatively new class of anthelmintic.		
DB11404	Enrofloxacin	vet_approved	Enrofloxacin is an antibiotic agent from the fluoroquinolone family produced by the Bayer Corporation. Enrofloxacin is approved by the FDA for its veterinary use. Due to the identification of fluoroquinolone-resistant strains of _Campylobacter_, in September 2005, the FDA withdrew the approval of enrofloxacin for its use in water to treat flocks of poultry.		
DB11405	Eprinomectin	vet_approved			
DB11408	Famphur	vet_approved			
DB11409	Febantel	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11410	Fenbendazole	vet_approved	Fenbendazole is a benzimidazole that presents a wide spectrum anthelmintic effect. It is used against a number of gastrointestinal parasites including giardia, roundworms, hookworms, whipworms, the Taenia genus of tapeworms, pinworms, aelurostrongylus, paragonimiasis, strongyles, and Strongyloides. Fenbendazole is approved to be administered under veterinary to sheep, cattle, horses, fish, dogs, cats, rabbits and seals.		
DB11411	Fenprostalene	vet_approved			
DB11412	Fenthion	vet_approved	Fenthion is an _organothiophosphate_ drug used as an insecticide, avicide, and acaricide. Its mode of action is explained by cholinesterase enzyme inhibition, which is similar to other organophosphates. Fenthion is listed as a restricted use compound by the United States Environmental Protection Agency due to its potential to cause cholinesterase inhibition in humans and animals.		
DB11413	Florfenicol	experimental,vet_approved	Florfenicol is a fluorinated synthetic analog of thiamphenicol.		
DB11414	Fluralaner	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11416	Gamithromycin	vet_approved	Gamithromycin is an antibiotic used in cattle.		
DB11417	Gleptoferron	vet_approved	Colloid solution of ferric hydroxide, dextran & glucoheptonic acid.		
DB11419	Haloxon	vet_approved			
DB11420	Squalane	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11421	Imidacloprid	vet_approved	Imidacloprid is a neonicotinoid, which is a class of neuro-active insecticides modeled after nicotine. Imidacloprid is a patented chemical, Imidacloprid is manufactured by Bayer Cropscience (part of Bayer AG) and sold under trade names Kohinor, Admire, Advantage, Gaucho, Merit, Confidor, Hachikusan, Premise, Prothor, and Winner. It is marketed as pest control, seed treatment, an insecticide spray, termite control, flea control, and a systemic insecticide.		
DB11423	Lasalocid	vet_approved	Lasalocid is an agent that presents antibacterial and coccidiostat activities. It is produced by strains of _Streptomyces lasaliensis_.		
DB11424	Lufenuron	experimental,vet_approved	Lufenuron is used in veterinary for the control of flea.		
DB11425	Luprostiol	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11426	Marbofloxacin	vet_approved	Marbofloxacin is a carboxylic acid, part of the third generation of antibiotic fluoroquinolones. It is used in veterinary. A formulation of marbofloxacin combined with clotrimazole and dexamethasone is available under the name Aurizon.		
DB11427	Maropitant	vet_approved	Maropitant, used as maropitant citrate, is a neurokinin receptor antagonist, which was developed by Zoetis specifically for the treatment of motion sickness and vomiting in dogs. It was approved by the FDA in 2007 for use in dogs, and more recently has also been approved for use in cats.		
DB11428	Medetomidine	experimental,vet_approved	Medetomidine is a synthetic compound used as a surgical anesthetic and analgesic. It is normally found as its hydrochloride salt, medetomidine hydrochloride. Medetomidine is an intravenously available alpha-2 adrenergic agonist. The drug has been developed by Orion Pharma. In the United States, it is currently approved for its veterinary use in dogs and distributed by Pfizer Animal Health. In Canada, medetomidine is distributed by Novartis Animal Health. The marketed product is a racemic mixture of two stereoisomers from which dexmedetomidine is the main active isomer.		
DB11429	Mibolerone	vet_approved	Mibolerone is a potent anabolic steroid which is both higher affinity and more selective for the androgen receptor than metribolone.		
DB11430	Monensin	experimental,vet_approved	Monensin is a polyether isolated from _Streptomyces cinnamonensis_ that presents antibiotic properties. It is widely used in ruminant animal feeds.		
DB11431	Moxidectin	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Moxidectin is a potent, broad-spectrum endectocide (antiparasitic that is active against endo- and ecto-parasites) with activity against nematodes, insects, and acari. It was first used in cattle followed by an approved use in general animals. It is a semi-synthetic methoxine derivative of nemadectin which is a 16-member pentacyclic lactone of the milbemycin class. Moxidectin differs by the absence of a disaccharide moiety on carbon 13, a substituted olefinic side chain at carbon 25 and a unique methoxime moiety at carbon 23. Due to these modifications, moxidectin is classified as a second generation macrocyclic lactone.[A33385] Moxidectin was developed by Medicines Development for Global Health and FDA approved in June 13, 2018.[L2970]		
DB11432	Narasin	experimental,vet_approved	Narasin is an agent with coccidiostatic and antibacterial properties.		
DB11433	Nequinate	vet_approved	Nequinate is an antiprotozoan used as a coccidiostat for poultry and rabbits. Nequinate belongs to the family of Hydroquinolones. These are compounds containing an hydrogenated quinoline bearing a ketone group.		
DB11434	Nicarbazin	vet_approved			
DB11436	Nifurpirinol	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11437	Nitarsone	vet_approved	Nitarsone is an organoarsenic compound. It is used as an additive in poultry feed to improve weight gain and feed efficiency, while preventing blackhead disease. It is marketed as Histostat by Zoetis, a publicly traded subsidiary of Pfizer.		
DB11438	Nitenpyram	experimental,vet_approved	Nitenpyram is an insecticide used in agriculture and veterinary medicine to kill external parasites of pets. It is a neonicotinoid, a neurotoxin that blocks neural messages and binds particularly tightly in the central nervous system of insects, causing rapid death.		
DB11440	Norgestomet	vet_approved	Norgestomet, also known as 11β-methyl-17-hydroxy-19-norprogesterone acetate, is a steroidal progestin used in veterinary medicine to control estrus and ovulation in cattle.		
DB11442	Oleandomycin	vet_approved	Oleandomycin is a macrolide antibiotic, though it is less effective than erythromycin. It is synthesized from strains of _Streptomyces antibioticus_.		
DB11443	Orbifloxacin	vet_approved	Orbifloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is marketed by Schering-Plough Animal Health and approved for certain infections in dogs.		
DB11446	Oxfendazole	investigational,vet_approved	Oxfendazole is a sulfoxide metabolite of fenbendazole. This benzimidazole antihelminthic protects livestock from roundworm. strongyles, and pinworn.		
DB11447	Phenothiazine	experimental,vet_approved	Phenothiazine (PTZ) is an organic thiazine compound.		
DB11448	Phosmet	vet_approved	Phosmet is a phthalimide-derived organophosphate. It is a non-specific insecticide. It is mainly used on apple trees to control codling moths. It is also used on other fruit crops, ornamentals, and vines to control aphids, suckers, mites, and fruit flies.		
DB11449	Phthalofyne	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11450	Pimobendan	vet_approved			
DB11451	Poloxalene	investigational,vet_approved	Ethylene oxide/propylene oxide copolymer is used as a food additive. It belongs to the family of Epoxides. These are compounds containing a cyclic ether with three ring atoms (one oxygen and two carbon atoms).		
DB11452	Ponazuril	vet_approved	Ponazuril, sold by the Bayer Corporation under the trade name Marquis, is a drug currently approved for the treatment of equine protozoal myeloencephalitis in horses, caused by Sarcocystis neurona.		
DB11453	Pradofloxacin	vet_approved	Pradofloxacin is a 3rd generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic developed by Bayer HealthCare AG, Animal Health GmBH. It was approved by the European Commission in April 2011 for bacterial infections in dogs and cats.		
DB11454	Prostalene	vet_approved	Analog of prostaglandin F2 alpha.		
DB11455	Robenacoxib	experimental,vet_approved	Robenacoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used in veterinary medicine for the relief of pain and inflammation in cats and dogs.		
DB11456	Ronnel	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11457	Rotenone	vet_approved	Rotenone is an isoflavone compound that naturally occurs in the jicama vine plant as well as many Fabaceae plants. It has broad spectrum insecticide and pesticide activity and is also toxic to fish.		
DB11458	Roxarsone	vet_approved	Roxarsone is an organoarsenic molecule added to poultry feed. The addition of this compound to poultry feed improves weight gain and feed efficiency as well as prevent the growth of coccidian parasites. The drug is also approved in the United States for use in pigs.		
DB11459	Selamectin	vet_approved	Selamectin is a topical parasiticide and antihelminthic used on dogs and cats to treat and prevent infections of heartworms, fleas, ear mites, sarcoptic mange, and certain types of ticks in dogs as well as prevent heartworms, fleas, ear mites, hookworms, and roundworms in cats. It also removes 2 types of lungworm in cats and one type of lungworm in dogs. It is distributed by Zoetis, a former Pfizer subsidiary. It is structurally related to ivermectin and milbemycin. Selamectin is not approved for human use.		
DB11460	Squalene	vet_approved	Squalene is originally obtained from shark liver oil. It is a natural 30-carbon isoprenoid compound and intermediate metabolite in the synthesis of cholesterol. It is not susceptible to lipid peroxidation and provides skin protection. It is ubiquitously distributed in human tissues where it is transported in serum generally in association with very low density lipoproteins. Squalene is investigated as an adjunctive cancer therapy.		
DB11461	Sulfachlorpyridazine	vet_approved	A sulfonamide antimicrobial used for urinary tract infections and in veterinary medicine.		
DB11462	Sulfaethoxypyridazine	vet_approved			
DB11463	Sulfanitran	vet_approved			
DB11464	Sulfaquinoxaline	vet_approved	Sulfaquinoxaline is a veterinary medicine which can be given to cattle and sheep to treat coccidiosis.It is available in Pakistan with Sanna Laboratories in combination with Amprolium and Vitamin K as potential treatment of coccidiosis.		
DB11466	Tepoxalin	vet_approved	Tepoxalin is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug approved for veterinary use in the United States and many other countries. It is primarily used to reduce inflammation and relief of pain caused by musculoskeletal disorders such as hip dysplasia and arthritis.		
DB11467	Thiostrepton	vet_approved	Thiostrepton is a natural cyclic oligopeptide antibiotic, derived from several strains of streptomycetes including Streptomyces azureus and Streptomyces laurentii. Thiostrepton is a natural product of the ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide class.		
DB11468	Tiamulin	vet_approved	Tiamulin is a pleuromutilin antibiotic drug that is used in veterinary medicine particularly for pigs and poultry.		
DB11470	Tildipirosin	vet_approved	Tildipirosin is a veterinary antibiotic.		
DB11471	Tilmicosin	investigational,vet_approved	Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic. It is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease and ovine respiratory disease associated with _Mannheimia haemolytica_.		
DB11472	Tioxidazole	vet_approved			
DB11473	Metrifonate	vet_approved	Metrifonate or trichlorfon is an irreversible organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It is a prodrug which is activated non-enzymatically into 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate.		
DB11474	Tulathromycin A	vet_approved	Tulathromycin is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat bovine respiratory disease in cattle and swine respiratory disease in pigs. It is marketed by Pfizer Inc. under the tradename Draxxin.		
DB11475	Tylosin	vet_approved	Tylosin is a bacteriostatic macrolide antibiotic and feed additive used in veterinary medicine. It has a broad spectrum of activity against Gram-positive organisms and a limited range of Gram-negative organisms. Tylosin is produced as a fermentation product of Streptomyces fradiae.		
DB11476	Virginiamycin	vet_approved	Virginiamycin is a streptogramin antibiotic similar to pristinamycin and quinupristin/dalfopristin. It is a combination of pristinamycin IIA and virginiamycin S1. Virginiamycin is used in the fuel ethanol industry to prevent microbial contamination and in livestock to prevent and treat infections. According to a USDA study, antibiotics can save as much as 30% in feed costs among young swine.		
DB11477	Xylazine	vet_approved	Xylazine is a clonidine analog which acts as an agonist at α2 adrenoceptors. Veterinarians also use xylazine as an emetic, especially in cats.		
DB11478	Zeranol	experimental,vet_approved	Zeranol is a non-steroidal estrogen agonist. It is a mycotoxin, derived from fungi in the Fusarium family, and may be found as a contaminant in fungus-infected crops. It is 3-4x more potent as an estrogen agonist than the related compound zearalenone.		
DB11479	Zilpaterol	vet_approved	Zilpaterol is a β2 adrenergic agonist sold under the trade name, Zilmax, produced by Intervet, a subsidiary of Merck & Co. Zilpaterol is typically fed to cattle in the last three to six weeks of life with a brief washout period to clear the drug from the tissues before slaughter.		
DB11480	Zoalene	experimental,vet_approved	Dinitolmide is a fodder additive for prophylaxis against coccidiosis infections in poultry.		
DB11481	Atipamezole	investigational,vet_approved	Atipamezole is a synthetic α2 adrenoceptor antagonistused to reverse the sedative and analgesic effects of dexmedetomidine and medetomidine in dogs. It has also been undergone research as a potential anti-Parkinsonian drug for humans.		
DB11482	Balsam of Peru	nutraceutical,vet_approved	Balsam of Peru is a resin that comes from the tree Myroxylon balsamum pereirae. It is constituted by a mixture of substances from which the major components are benzyl cinnamate and [DB00676]. Balsam of Peru has also presented several allergens such as cinnamic acid, [DB06770] and [DB02130].[F117] Under the FDA, balsam of Peru is considered as an inactive ingredient to be used for approved drug products[L2878] as well as an approved food additive under the categorization of generally recognized as safe (GRAS).[L2879] By Health Canada, the balsam of Peru is approved by the use of over-the-counter combination products and it is currently approved in veterinary products.[L1113] By the EMA, the balsam of Peru is approved and categorized under the herbal medicine products.[F121]		
DB11485	Ceftiofur	vet_approved	Ceftiofur is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic, first described in 1987, and now used in veterinary medicine. It is marketed by pharmaceutical company Zoetis as Excenel, and is the active ingredient in that company's Specramast LC (lactating cow formula) product. It is resistant to hydrolysis by beta-lactamase, and has activity against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. E. coli strains resistant to ceftiofur have been reported. The metabolite desfurolyceftiofur also has antibiotic activity, consequently the two compounds are measured together to monitor for antibiotic activity in the milk.		
DB11487	Dexamethasone isonicotinate	vet_approved	Dexamethasone isonicotinate is an anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic glucocorticoid that can be administered orally, by inhalation, topically, and parenterally. Its unintended mineralocorticoid action may cause salt and water retention.		
DB11490	Nalorphine	experimental,vet_approved	Nalorphine is a mixed opioid agonist–antagonist. It acts at two opioid receptors—at the mu receptor it has antagonistic effects, and at the kappa receptors it exerts high-efficacy agonistic characteristics. It is used to reverse opioid overdose and (starting in the 1950s) in a challenge test to determine opioid dependence.		
DB11491	Sarafloxacin	vet_approved,withdrawn	Sarafloxacin is a quinolone antibiotic drug, which was discontinued by its manufacturer, Abbott Laboratories, before receiving approval for use in the US or Canada.		
DB11493	Sodium tripolyphosphate	vet_approved	Sodium tripolyphosphate is an inorganic compound with formula Na5P3O10 and the sodium salt of the polyphosphate penta-anion. It is used as a component of a wide range domestic and industrial products, particularly detergents.		
DB11495	(S)-methoprene	vet_approved			
DB11496	2-mercaptobenzothiazole	approved,experimental,vet_approved			
DB11497	Sulfotep	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11499	Amphomycin	vet_approved			
DB11501	Bunamidine	vet_approved	Bunamidine is a veterinary anti-platyhelmintic agent used for taenia infestations.		
DB11502	Butacaine	vet_approved			
DB11504	Caramiphen	experimental,vet_approved	Caramiphen is a cholinergic antagonist used in Parkinson's disease. Additionally, it is used, in combination with [phenylpropanolamine], as a cough suppressant and nasal decongestant for the symptomatic treatment of seasonal respiratory conditions.		
DB11505	Cefovecin	experimental,vet_approved	Cefovecin is a cephalosporin antibiotic used for the treatment of skin infections in cats and dogs. It is the first single-dose injectable antibiotic for dogs and cats that assures owner compliance with dosing for the animal. It is used for the treatment of skin infections caused by Pasturella multocida in cats, and Staphylococcus intermedius/S. canis in dogs. The advantage of using injectable antibiotics is not missing a dose that can allow partially resistant microbes to recover during missed doses. However, these injectable agents can present long-lasting subtherapeutic concentrations after the resolution of infection. The presence of low concentrations of antibiotics is related to the development of microbial resistance.		
DB11507	Cloprostenol	vet_approved			
DB11509	Cupric glycinate	vet_approved			
DB11510	Deslorelin	investigational,vet_approved	Deslorelin acetate is an injectable gonadotropin releasing hormone super-agonist also known as an LHRH agonist. It stops the production of sex hormones.		
DB11511	Difloxacin	vet_approved	Difloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone used in veterinary. As an antibacterial, it presents a broad bactericidal spectrum and its effects are dependent on its concentration. However, it presents a reduced efficacy when compared to other fluoroquinolone antibacterials.		
DB11512	Dihydrostreptomycin	approved,investigational,vet_approved,withdrawn	Dihydrostreptomycin is an antibiotic.		
DB11513	Diperodon	vet_approved			
DB11516	Dithiazanine	vet_approved			
DB11517	Etymemazine	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11518	Flunixin	vet_approved	Flunixin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug for use in pigs, cattle and horses.   It exerts analgesic and antipyretic effects.  This drug is often prepared for use in meglumine salt form. Flunixin is regulated in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and must be prescribed by a licensed veterinarian. Flunixin may be also referred to as _Banamine_, and other trade names.		
DB11519	Fluprostenol	vet_approved			
DB11520	Hygromycin B	vet_approved	Hygromycin B is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus which kills bacteria, fungi and higher eukaryotic cells by inhibiting protein synthesis.		
DB11521	Imidocarb	vet_approved	Imidocarb is a urea derivative used in veterinary medicine as an antiprotozoal agent for the treatment of infection with Babesia and other parasites.		
DB11522	Isoflupredone	vet_approved			
DB11525	Maduramicin	vet_approved	Maduramicin is an antiprotozoal agent used in veterinary medicine as prophylaxis against coccidiosis. It is a naturally occurring compound which was first isolated from the actinomycete, Actinomadura rubra.		
DB11526	Masitinib	investigational,vet_approved	Masitinib is a tyrosine-kinase inhibitor used in the treatment of mast cell tumors in dogs. It has been available in Europe since 2009, under the brand name Masivet. In the USA it is distributed under the name Kinavet and has been available for veterinaries since 2011.		
DB11528	Melarsomine	experimental,vet_approved	Melarsomine is a trypanocidal agent marketed by Merial under the trade name Immiticide. It is the only FDA-approved treatment for adult heartworm infection in dogs, however, is is not approved for use in dogs with late-stage infection.		
DB11529	Melengestrol	vet_approved	Melengestrol is a steroidal progestin and antineoplastic agent which was never marketed. An acylated derivative, melengestrol acetate, is used as a growth promoter in animals.		
DB11530	Metoserpate	vet_approved			
DB11531	Milbemycin oxime	vet_approved			
DB11534	Butyl chloride	vet_approved			
DB11537	Pirlimycin	vet_approved	Pirlimycin hydrochloride is an antibiotic belonging to the _lincosamide_ class. Often marketed as _Pirsue_, this drug is used to treat mastitis in cattle.		
DB11540	Propiopromazine	experimental,vet_approved			
DB11541	Ractopamine	vet_approved			
DB11542	Robenidine	experimental,vet_approved	Robenidine is identified as a coccidiostat drug, which slows both the growth and reproductive cycles of coccidian parasites. Robenidine is used to control coccidiosis, a lethal infection in poultry which has shown a significant economic burden. Despite the availability of other agents to treat coccidiosis, robenidine has been proven to be effective in delaying the development of antibiotic resistance through intermittent and rotating use with other antimicrobials. Farmers alternate the use of robenidine with other antimicrobial agents in order to maintain effectiveness by slowing the development of antimicrobial resistance.		
DB11543	Romifidine	vet_approved	Romifidine is a veterinary drug utilized as a sedative primarily in large animals, most frequently horses. It is also used less commonly in a wide variety of other animal species. This drug's chemical structure closely resembles that of clonidine, however, romifidine is not approved for use in humans.		
DB11544	Salinomycin	vet_approved			
DB11545	Semduramicin	vet_approved			
DB11547	Sulfabromomethazine	vet_approved			
DB11549	Tiletamine	vet_approved	This drug is a dissociative anesthetic agent that falls under the drug category of _NMDA receptor antagonists_. Tiletamine is chemically similar to another dissociative anesthetic, ketamine. Tiletamine hydrochloride, the salt form, exists as odorless white crystals.		
DB11551	Trenbolone	vet_approved	Trenbolone, also known as trienolone or trienbolone, is a steroid used on livestock to increase muscle growth and appetite. To increase its effective half-life, trenbolone is administered as a prodrug as an ester conjugate such as [trenbolone acetate], trenbolone enanthate, or trenbolone cyclohexylmethylcarbonate. Plasma lipases then cleave the ester group in the bloodstream leaving free trenbolone.		
DB11552	Tricaine	vet_approved	Tricaine (as tricaine methanesulfonate) is white powder used for anesthesia, sedation, or euthanasia of fish. It is also the only anesthetic licensed in the United States for use in fin fish that are intended for human consumption.		
DB11554	Tylvalosin	vet_approved			
DB11555	Zolazepam	vet_approved	Zolazepam is a pyrazolodiazepinone derivative used as an anaesthetic in veterinary medicine. Zolazepam is typically used in combination with the NMDA antagonist tiletamine or the α2 adrenoceptor agonist xylazine. It is around four times the potency of diazepam but it is both water-soluble and un-ionized at physiological pH meaning that its onset is very fast.		
DB11556	Detomidine	vet_approved	Detomidine is an α2-adrenergic agonist that is used as a horse sedative. Normally, it is administered in the salt form, detomidine hydrochloride. This drug is prescribed by veterinarians and is marketed as _Dormosedan_. Currently, it is only approved by the FDA for use in horses but has been studied for use in other large animals.		
DB11558	Toluene	vet_approved	Toluene is a colorless, liquid that is immiscible in water. It is a mono-substituted benzene derivative used in veterinary medicine as a treatment for various parasites in dogs and cats.		
DB11560	Lesinurad	approved,investigational	Lesinurad is an oral uric acid transporter 1 (URAT1) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout. It reduces serum uric acid concentration through the inhibition of URAT1, an enzyme responsible for reuptake of uric acid from the renal tubule, and OAT4, another uric acid transporter associated with diuretic-induced hyperuricemia.Marketed as the product Zurampic, it is indicated for use in combination with a xanthine oxidase inhibitor for the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout inpatients who have not achieved target serum uric acid levels with a xanthine oxidase inhibitor alone. In August 2017, a combination oral therapy consisting of lesinurad and [DB00437] was FDA-approved under the brand name Duzallo indicated for the treatment of gout-related hyperuricemia in patients with uncontrolled gout.		
DB11561	Aminacrine	experimental	A highly fluorescent anti-infective dye used clinically as a topical antiseptic and experimentally as a mutagen, due to its interaction with DNA. It is also used as an intracellular pH indicator.		
DB11562	Bicuculline	experimental	Bicuculline is a light-sensitive competitive antagonist of GABAA receptors. It was originally identified in 1932 in plant alkaloid extracts and has been isolated from Dicentra cucullaria, Adlumia fungosa, Fumariaceae, and several Corydalis species.		
DB11563	Sebelipase alfa	approved,investigational	Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.		
DB11564	Insulin argine	experimental			
DB11567	Insulin peglispro	investigational			
DB11568	Insulin tregopil	investigational			
DB11569	Ixekizumab	approved,investigational	Ixekizumab is a humanized immunoglobulin G subclass 4 (IgG4) monoclonal antibody (mAb) against interleukin-17A (IL-17A) and prevents it from interacting with the IL-17A receptor. As IL-17A is a pro-inflammatory cytokine involved in inflammation and immune responses, blocking its effect is beneficial for use in inflammatory conditions. In particular, IL-17A has been found to be implicated in a variety of autoimmune diseases including Rheumatoid Arthritis and plaque psoriasis. Ixekizumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a recombinant mammalian cell line and purified using standard technology for bioprocessing. Ixekizumab is comprised of two identical light chain polypeptides of 219 amino acids each and two identical heavy chain polypeptides of 445 amino acids each, and has a molecular weight of 146,158 Daltons for the protein backbone of the molecule. It is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.		
DB11570	Padimate O	approved	Padimate O is an active sunscreen agent in cosmetics and over-the-counter sunscreen drug products in concentrations up to 8%, as regulated by the FDA [L2153]. It is a structurally-related compound to [DB02362] that absorbs UV-B rays to prevent photodamage. It penetrates human skin, and is shown to induce non-ligatable strand breaks on DNA _in vitro_ and mutagenic effects on yeast i_n vivo_ [A32458].		
DB11571	Human thrombin	approved	Human thrombin is a sterile solution, pH 6.8-7.2, containing highly purified human thrombin for the activation of clotting. Thrombin is a highly specific serine protease encoded by the F2 gene that transforms soluble fibrinogen into insoluble fibrin. This transformation mimics the final coagulation cascade step which involves the clotting mass that adheres to the wound surface and achieves hemostasis and sealing of open tissues.In particular, while human thrombin products are made from pooled human source plasma, recombinant thrombin is a human coagulation protein produced via recombinant DNA technology from a genetically modified Chinese hamster ovary cell line [FDA Label]. Furthermore, human thrombin is manufactured by chromatographic purification of prothrombin from cryo-poor plasma followed by activation with calcium chloride [FDA Label].		
DB11572	Thrombin alfa	approved	Thrombin Alfa is a human coagulation protein produced via recombinant DNA technology from a genetically modified CHO cell line. Thrombin Alfa is identical in amino acid sequence and structurally similar to naturally occurring human thrombin. Thrombin Alfa precursor is secreted to culture medium as single chain form that is proteolytically converted to a two-chain active form (using a protein derived from snakes) and is purified by a chromatographic process that yields a product having hemostatic activities similar to native human thrombin. The cell line used to manufacture Thrombin Alfa has been tested and shown to be free of known infectious agents. The cell culture process used in the manufacture of Thrombin Alfa employs no additives of human or animal origin. The purification process includes solvent-detergent treatment and nano-filtration steps dedicated to viral clearance. The thrombin alfa product ultimate comes from recombinant human prethrombin-1 [L2079].Nevertheless, because the incidence of hemostasis within a timely manner is relatively comparable between the use of thrombin alfa and the placebo treatment in patient subjects, thrombin alfa is not currently approved by certain organizations like the European Medicines Agency [L2079].		
DB11573	Aluminum chlorohydrate	approved	Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface [A27159]. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process.		
DB11574	Elbasvir	approved	Elbasvir is a direct-acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with hepatitis C virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients.[L852] Treatment options for chronic hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) such as elbasvir. Elbasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly.[synthesis] The barrier to the development of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs.[A19593] Substitutions at amino acid positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 are known to confer resistance to elbasvir.[L10253] Despite this disadvantage elbasvir is still effective against HCV, particularly when paired with [grazoprevir].Elbasvir is available as a fixed-dose combination product with [grazoprevir] (tradename: Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without [ribavirin] depending on the presence of resistance-associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with [ribavirin], [peginterferon alfa-2a], [peginterferon alfa-2b], or other NS3/4A inhibitors like [boceprevir], [simeprevir], or [telaprevir].[L10253] Elbasvir and [grazoprevir] are used with or without [ribavirin] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), and have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment.[L852]. SVR and eradication of HCV infection are associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality.[A19626]In a computational target-based drug repurposing investigation published in April 2020, elbasvir was predicted to bind stably and preferentially to three proteins necessary for viral replication of SARS-CoV-2, the human coronavirus responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic.[A193257] While these results are suggestive of antiviral efficacy, follow-up clinical trials are required to validate elbasvir as a potential therapy against SARS-CoV-2.		
DB11575	Grazoprevir	approved	Grazoprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Grazoprevir. Grazoprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [A19593]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Grazoprevir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with [DB11574].In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Grazoprevir as first line therapy in combination with [DB11574] for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [A19593]. Grazoprevir and [DB11574] are used with or without [DB00811] with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [A19626].Grazoprevir is available as a fixed dose combination product with [DB11574] (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without [DB00811] depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with [DB00811], [DB00008], [DB00022], or other NS3/4A inhibitors like [DB08873], [DB06290], or [DB05521] [FDA Label]. When combined together, Grazoprevir and [DB11574] as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [L852]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.		
DB11576	Ferric oxide	experimental	Iron(III) oxide or ferric oxide is the inorganic compound with the formula Fe2O3. It is one of the three main oxides of iron, the other two being iron(II) oxide (FeO) the rarer form, and iron(II,III) oxide (Fe3O4) which naturally as magnetite.		
DB11577	Indigotindisulfonic acid	approved	Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used a marker in urological procedures, also known as _indigo carmine_ [L2219].Indigo carmine, or 5, _5'-indigodisulfonic acid_ sodium salt, also known as _indigotine_ or _FD& C Blue #2 _is a pH indicator with the chemical formula C16H8N2Na2O8S2. It is approved for use as a food dye in the United States and the EU and has the E number E132 [L2216]		
DB11578	Hard fat	approved			
DB11579	Light Mineral Oil	approved			
DB11580	Ravulizumab	approved,investigational	Ravulizumab is considered a long-acting complement 5 (C5) inhibitor that has been undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria (PNH) as of 4 February, 2016. A drug similar to ravulizumab (ALXN1210), called eculizumab, is currently approved for the treatment of PNH in 46 countries under the brand name Soliris®. Ravulizumab is considered by Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. to be a "next-generation" eculizumab molecule. Ravulizumab was subsequently approved by the US FDA in December of 2018 for a variety of beneficial characteristics that make it an advanced, next-generation agent in comparison to eculizumab [F2473]. In particular, ravulizumab is currently the first and only long-acting C5 complement inhibitor that can be administered every eight weeks for the treatment of adult patients with PNH whereas eculizumab is a bi-weekly treatment [F2473, FDA Label]. Moreover, virtually all of the phase 3 trial results for ravulizumab have demonstrated the equivalent efficacy and safety established by eculizumab and that patients transition safely and effectively from using eculizumab to ravulizumab [F2473]. Subsequently, whereas PNH patients may have needed to previously plan their lives rather strictly around the bi-weekly infusion administrations of eculizumab, with ravulizumab such patients can find a more relaxed dosing schedule of only six or seven infusions over an entire year [F2473, FDA Label].Just as the US FDA permitted a timely and expedited approval of ravulizumab ahead of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) date of February 18, 2019 following the use of a rare disease priority review voucher by Ultomiris (ravulizumab) developer Alexion for many of the aforementioned beneficial treatment reasons, regulatory authorities in the European Union (EU) and Japan have currently accepted and are reviewing applications for the approval of Ultomiris (ravulizumab) as a treatment for adults with PNH as well [F2473].		
DB11581	Venetoclax	approved,investigational	Venetoclax is a BCL-2 inhibitor that was initially approved by the FDA in April 2016 [FDA label]. Proteins in the B cell CLL/lymphoma 2 (BCL-2) family are important regulators of the apoptotic (programmed cell death) process [A18565], [A18566].  Venetoclax is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and certain types of small lymphocytic lymphoma [FDA label]. CLL is the most prevalent leukemia diagnosed in Western countries [A40022]. Venetoclax was developed through reverse engineering of the BCL-2 protein family inhibitor, navitoclax [A40022]. Venetoclax is approximately 10 times more potent than navitoclax with regard to induction of apoptosis in CLL cells [A40022]. A new indication was approved in 2018 for the treatment patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) or small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL), with or without 17p deletion, who have received at least one prior therapy [FDA label].  Previously, this drug was indicated only for patients with 17p gene deletion [F2130].		
DB11582	Thiocolchicoside	experimental	Thiocolchicoside is a semi-synthetic derivative of the colchicine, a natural anti-inflammatory glycoside which originates from the flower seeds of _superba gloriosa_.  It is a muscle relaxant with anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects.  It has potent convulsant activity and should not be administered to individuals prone to seizures [L1663].		
DB11583	Cetalkonium	approved	Cetalkonium is a C16 alkyl benzalkonium chloride derivative with an amphipathic property which allows it to be used in different types of formulations.[A27143] It is a quaternary ammonium salt that acts as an antiseptic against a variety of bacteria and fungi.[L2137] Cetalkonium is approved by the FDA for its use in over-the-counter products as a skin protectant.[L2737] By Health Canada, it is also approved for its use in over-the-counter products.[L1113]		
DB11584	Pipradrol	approved	Pipradrol (Meratran) [L2523] was initially developed in the 1950s as an antidepressant, however, the adverse effects associated with its use and its abuse potential led to its withdrawal and international regulation [L2524].  Pipradrol was made illegal in many countries in 1970s because of its potential for abuse. It is currently classified under the Misuse of Drugs Act as a Class C substance [L2522].Experimentation with the drug and its derivatives for recreational purposes has led to many cases of acute toxicity and has been linked to three fatalities. The social and in particular acute clinical harms of pipradrol derivatives have led to their control under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 in the UK in 2012 [T178].Interestingly, this drug has been studied for bactericidal properties, however, is not currently, used for this purpose [A32725]. In addition to this, it has shown favorable effects in postpartum depressive symptoms [L2516].		
DB11585	Drometrizole trisiloxane	approved	Drometrizole trisiloxane is a photostable UVA and UVB light filter [A33069, L2780, L2781, L2782, L2783, F81]. The compound is a lipophilic benzotriazole derivative marketed as Meroxyl XL by L'Oreal, although sunscreens with drometrizole trisiloxane are currently only approved for use in the EU, Canada, Australia, and Japan, among other countries.Despite being used elsewhere in the world with relatively few reports of adverse reactions, the FDA continues to cite that the existing scientific record is not sufficient to establish the compound as being generally recognized as safe and effective for over-the-counter sunscreen use [L2795, F82].		
DB11586	Asunaprevir	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Asunaprevir, also named as BMS-650032, is a potent hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3 protease inhibitor. It has been shown to have a very high efficacy in dual-combination regimens with daclatasvir in patients chronically infected with HCV genotype 1b.[A32528] It was developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Canada and approved by Health Canada on April 22, 2016. The commercialization of asunaprevir was canceled one year later on October 16, 2017.[L1113]		
DB11587	Etafedrine	approved	Etafedrine (INN) or ethylephedrine is a long-acting bronchodilator and has been an ingredient combined with other drugs in the brand names Nethaprin [A32757] and Dalmacol [L2568]. It was previously available as both the free base and as the hydrochloride salt manufactured by Sanofi-Aventis (now Sanofi) has been discontinued [L2563].Ethylephedrine is be formed by alkylating ephedrine with ethyl iodide. The hydrochloride is be prepared by passing hydrogen chloride through a solution of ethylephedrine in diethyl ether [F6].This belongs to the family of medications called _decongestants_. It acts by narrowing blood vessels in the nasal passages, helping to relieve nasal congestion [F6].		
DB11588	Carbon monoxide	approved,investigational	Carbon monoxide (CO) is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas that has a slightly lower density than air. It is toxic to hemoglobin utilizing animals (including humans), when encountered in concentrations above about 35 ppm, although it is also formed in normal animal metabolism in low quantities, and is thought to have some normal biological/homeostatic functions [L2529]. Carbon monoxide (CO), is a ubiquitous environmental product of organic combustion, which is also formed endogenously in the human body, as the byproduct of heme metabolism [A32758]. Exhaled CO (eCO), similar to exhaled nitric oxide (eNO), has been evaluated as a candidate breath biomarker of pathophysiological states, including smoking status, and inflammatory diseases of the lung and other organs. Exhalation of corbon monoxide values have been studied as potential indicators of inflammation in asthma, stable COPD and exacerbations, cystic fibrosis, lung cancer, and during surgery or critical care [L2529].A test of the diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (DLCO), is one of the most clinically valuable tests of lung function testing. The technique was first described  100 years ago, and applied to clinical practice many years after. The DLCO measures the ability of the lungs to transfer gas from inhaled air to the red blood cells in pulmonary capillaries. The DLCO test is both convenient and simple for the patient to undergo. The ten seconds of breath-holding required for the DLCO maneuver is easier for most patients to perform than the forced exhalation required for other respiratory tests [L2557].Carbon monoxide is presently used in small amounts in low oxygen modified atmosphere packaging systems (MAP) for fresh meat to stabilize and maintain natural meat color. This use of CO has been generally recognized as safe (GRAS) in several packaging applications for fresh meat products. Since 2002, FDA has favorably reviewed three GRAS notifications for carbon monoxide use in fresh meat packaging [L2537]. The FDA classifies this drug as permitted as a food additive in the packaging and preparation of food products, while following the federal code of regulations [L2531].There have been several concerns voiced of over the use of carbon monoxide in food products [L2537], [L2538], [L2539]. The European Union has banned the use of carbon monoxide as a color stabilizer in meat and fish. A December 2001 report from the European Commission's Scientific Committee on Food concluded that the gas did not pose a risk provided that food was maintained adequately cold during storage and transport to prevent the growth of microorganisms [L2538].  In New Zealand, the use of carbon monoxide in fish preparation has been banned, as it may mask the effects of food spoilage and bacterial growth [L2539].		
DB11589	Neon	approved,investigational	Neon is a chemical element with a chemical symbol Ne and atomic number 10. It is a noble gas that is colorless, odorless, inert and monatomic. It is the fifth most abundant chemical element in the universe by mass but a rare element on Earth. It displays a reddish-orange light, and is commonly used in low-voltage neon glow lamps, high-voltage discharge tubes, and signs with fluorescent lighting. It is also used in vacuum tubes, high-voltage indicators, lightning arresters, wave meter tubes, television tubes, and helium–neon lasers. Neon may be used in the clinical setting as a diagnostic tracer gas in a gas analyzer for a lung diffusion test. Other clinical applications of neon, such as a radiotherapy in various cancers [A32763], have been studied.		
DB11590	Thimerosal	approved	Thiomersal (INN), commonly known in the U.S. as thimerosal, is an organomercury compound. This compound is a well-established and widely used antiseptic and antifungal agent. Developed in 1927, thimerosal has been and is still being used as a preservative in some cosmetics, topical pharmaceuticals, and biological drug products, which includes vaccines. There has been significant concern regarding its safety and toxicity in the last several decades. Although thimerosal is banned in several countries, it continues to be included as a preservative in some vaccines in the United States and many vaccines in the developing world [L1685].		
DB11591	Bilastine	approved,investigational	Bilastine is a novel new-generation antihistamine that is highly selective for the H1 histamine receptor, has a rapid onset and prolonged duration of action.	Bilastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11592	Nitrocefin	experimental	Nitrocefin is a chromogenic cephalosporin substrate used to detect the presence of beta-lactamase enzymes, an important mediator of bacterial antibiotic resistance. While other detection methods exist, such as PCR, nitrocefin allows for rapid detection using few materials and inexpensive equipment.		
DB11593	Isatoic anhydride	experimental			
DB11594	Domiphen	approved,experimental	Domiphen bromide is a quaternary ammonium compound that is predominantly employed as a topically administered antiseptic agent.		
DB11595	Atezolizumab	approved,investigational	Atezolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used to prevent the interaction of PD-L1 and PD-1, removing inhibition of immune responses seen in some cancers.[A18493,L7489] This medication is reserved for patients whose tumors express PD-L1, cannot receive platinum based chemotherapy, or whose tumors do not respond to platinum based chemotherapy.[L7489] Atezolizumab was granted FDA approval on 18 October 2016.[L7489]		
DB11596	Levoleucovorin	approved,investigational	Levoleucovorin is the enantiomerically active form of Folinic Acid (also known as 5-formyl tetrahydrofolic acid or leucovorin). Commercially available leucovorin is composed of a 1:1 racemic mixture of the dextrorotary and levorotary isomers, while levoleucovorin contains only the pharmacologically active levo-isomer. In vitro, the levo-isomer has been shown to be rapidly converted to the biologically available methyl-tetrahydrofolate form while the dextro form is slowly excreted by the kidneys. Despite this difference in activity, the two commercially available forms have been shown to be pharmacokinetically identical and may be used interchangeably with limited differences in efficacy or side effects (Kovoor et al, 2009). As folate analogs, levoleucovorin and leucovorin are both used to counteract the toxic effects of folic acid antagonists, such as methotrexate, which act by inhibiting the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR). They are indicated for use as rescue therapy following use of high-dose methotrexate in the treatment of osteosarcoma or for diminishing the toxicity associated with inadvertent overdosage of folic acid antagonists. Levoleucovorin, as the product Fusilev (FDA), has an additional indication for use in combination chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil in the palliative treatment of patients with advanced metastatic colorectal cancer. Folic acid is an essential B vitamin required by the body for the synthesis of purines, pyrimidines, and methionine before incorporation into DNA or protein. However, in order to function in this role, it must first be reduced by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) into the cofactors dihydrofolate (DHF) and tetrahydrofolate (THF). This important pathway, which is required for de novo synthesis of nucleic acids and amino acids, is disrupted when high-dose methotrexate is used for cancer therapy. As methotrexate functions as a DHFR inhibitor to prevent DNA synthesis in rapidly dividing cells, it also prevents the formation of DHF and THF. This results in a deficiency of coenzymes and a resultant buildup of toxic substances that are responsible for numerous adverse side effects of methotrexate therapy. As levoleucovorin and leucovorin are analogs of tetrahydrofolate (THF), they are able to bypass DHFR reduction and act as a cellular replacement for the co-factor THF, thereby preventing these toxic side effects.		
DB11597	Human Rho(D) immune globulin	approved,investigational	Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.		
DB11598	Antithrombin III human	approved	A plasma alpha 2 glycoprotein that accounts for the major antithrombin activity of normal plasma and also inhibits several other enzymes. It is a member of the serpin superfamily.		
DB11599	Starch, corn	approved,nutraceutical	Corn starch refers to the starch extracted from the corn grain that is commonly used as a food ingredient and chemical additive. Starch is any of a group of polysaccharides of the general formula (C6-H10-O5)n, composed of a long-chain polymer of glucose in the form of amylose and amylopectin. Starch is the chief storage form of energy reserve (carbohydrates) in plants. Corn starch may be added in some food products as a thickening agent or anti-caking agent, and is sometimes found in topical drugs as a skin protectant.		
DB11600	Beeswax	approved	The wax obtained from the honeycomb of the bee. It consists primarily of myricyl palmitate, cerotic acid esters and some high-carbon paraffins. Beeswax is used as a stiffening agent in ointments and creams, and enables water to be incorporated to produce water-in-oil emulsions. It is also used as a coating in the manufacture of modified-release oral preparations		
DB11601	Tuberculin purified protein derivative	approved	Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with *Mycobacterium tuberculosis* through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.		
DB11602	Hydroxyethyl cellulose	approved	Hydroxyethyl cellulose is a polysaccharide derivative with gel thickening, emulsifying, bubble-forming, water-retaining and stabilizing properties. It is used as a key ingredient in many household cleaning products, lubricants and cosmetics due to its non-ionic and water-soluble nature. It is often used as an ingredient in ophthalmic pharmaceutical preparations such as artificial tear solutions and adjunct agent in topical drug formulations to facilitate the delivery of drugs with hydrophobic character.		
DB11603	Human rabies virus immune globulin	approved	IMOGAM Rabies Pasteurized is indicated for post-exposure prophylaxis in persons suspected of exposure to rabies, who have not previously received a complete immunization regimen with a cell culture produced rabies vaccine.Persons previously vaccinated with other types of rabies vaccines in whom adequate antibody levels have not been demonstrated should receive full post-exposure prophylaxis with RIG and a cell culture-produced rabies vaccine.IMOGAM Rabies Pasteurized should be administered promptly after exposure, in conjunction with rabies vaccine. If IMOGAM Rabies Pasteurized is not administered as recommended at the initiation of the post-exposure rabies vaccine series, it can be administered up to eight days following the first dose of the rabies vaccine. Since rabies vaccine-induced antibody begins to appear within one week, there is no value in administering rabies immune globulin more than eight days after rabies vaccination has begun.Recommendations for passive and/or active immunization after exposure to an animal suspected of having rabies have been outlined by the National Advisory Committee on Immunization (NACI), the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP), and the World Health Organization (WHO).		
DB11604	Tetanus Immune Globulin	approved	Tetanus Immune Globulin is manufactured from human plasma [FDA Label]. It contains antibodies against tetanus toxoid and is primarily used as prophylaxis against tetanus in wounded patients.		
DB11605	Myrrh	approved	Extractives and their physically modified derivatives such as tinctures, concretes, absolutes, essential oils, oleoresins, terpenes, terpene-free fractions, distillates, residues, obtained from Commiphora abyssinica, Burseraceae.		
DB11606	Susoctocog alfa	approved,investigational	Intravenous susoctocog alfa is a recombinant, B-domain deleted, porcine sequence antihaemophilic factor VIII (FVIII) product that has recently been approved for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired haemophilia A (AHA). AHA is a rare bleeding disorder that results in a prolonged clotting time as measured by the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) assay, a conventional in vitro test for biological activity of factor VIII. Patients with AHA have normal Factor VIII genes for coagulation pathways but develop inhibitory autoantibodies directed against Factor VIII. These autoantibodies neutralize circulating human factor VIII and create a functional deficiency of this procoagulant protein. Susoctocog alfa serves to temporarily restore the inhibited endogenous Factor VIII for effective hemostasis. In a global, prospective, controlled, multi-center Phase 2/3 open-label clinical trial, all patients responded to susoctocog alfa treatment within 24 hours [L1129]. Susoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein containing a 90 kDa heavy chain and a 80 kDa light chain with the naturally-occuring B domain replaced with a twenty-four amino acid linker.Susoctocog alfa was approved by the FDA in October 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Obizur for intravenous injection. It is the first recombinant porcine FVIII treatment approved for AHA that allows physicians to manage the treatment's efficacy and safety by measuring factor VIII activity levels in addition to clinical assessments [L1129]. The recombinant porcine sequence allows less susceptibility to inactivation by circulating human factor VIII antibodies.		
DB11607	Efmoroctocog alfa	approved,investigational	Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as [DB13999][A31551]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [A31551]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [A31551, A31552]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [A31552]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [A31551].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include [DB13999], which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and [DB13192], which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [A31551]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [A31551].		
DB11608	Eftrenonacog alfa	approved,investigational	Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [A31556]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [A31557]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [A31557]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [A31556].		
DB11609	Normethadone	approved,illicit	Normethadone is used as an opioid antitussive in combination with [DB11610]. It is marketed in Canada by Valeant under the tradename Cophylac.		
DB11610	Oxilofrine	approved	Oxilofrine is used in combination with [DB11609] as an antitussive. It is currently marketed in Canada by Valeant under the tradename Cophylac.		
DB11611	Lifitegrast	approved	Lifitegrast is a FDA approved drug for the treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It is a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1) antagonist that was discovered through the rational design process. The ophthalmic solution was approved in July, 2016 under the trade name Xiidra. It has shown to protect the corneal surface and alleviate the symptoms of dry eye syndrome with fast onset of action and well tolerated profile in both local and systemic setting [A18805].		
DB11613	Velpatasvir	approved,investigational	Velpatasvir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Velpatasvir acts as a defective substrate for NS5A (Non-Structural Protein 5A), a non-enzymatic viral protein that plays a key role in Hepatitis C Virus replication, assembly, and modulation of host immune responses [A19175]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as velpatasvir. Notably, velpatasvir has a significantly higher barrier to resistance than the first generation NS5A inhibitors, such as [DB09027] and [DB09102], making it a highly potent and reliable alternative for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C [A19637]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Velpatasvir as first line therapy in combination with sofosbuvir for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [L852]. Velpatasvir is currently only available within a fixed dose combination product as Epclusa with [DB08934], another direct acting antiviral. Goals of therapy for Epclusa include the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality and risk of requiring a liver transplant [A19626].Since June 2016, Velpatasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with [DB08934], as the commercially available product Epclusa. Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. It is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis and a high barrier to resistance [L852]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [L852, A19626].		
DB11614	Rupatadine	approved	Rupatadine is a dual histamine H1 receptor and platelet activating factor receptor antagonist that is used for symptomatic relief in seasonal and perennial rhinitis as well as chronic spontaneous urticaria. It was approved for marketing in Canada under the tradename Rupall and comes in tablet formulation for adult use and liquid formulation for pediatric use.	Rupatadine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11616	Pirarubicin	investigational			
DB11617	Aclarubicin	investigational			
DB11618	Zorubicin	experimental	Zorubicin is a drug of the anthracycline class - a class of medications that have historically demonstrated effective chemotherapy for a variety of cancer types.		
DB11619	Gestrinone	approved	Gestrinone, also known as ethylnorgestrienone, is a synthetic steroid of the 19-nortestosterone group that is marketed in Europe, Australia, and Latin America, though not the United States or Canada, and is used primarily in the treatment of endometriosis.Gestrinone was developed in the early 1970s and was tested clinically as a weekly oral contraceptive in Europe and North America. Without significant advantages over other oral contraceptives and with its high cost, gestrinone was no longer used after the Stage II clinical trials. However, from 1982 this drug attracted increased interest due to significant therapeutic effects in the treatment endometriosis. Under different endocrine conditions, gestrinone possesses estrogenic, progestational, androgenic, antiestrogenic and antiprogesterone actions [L1696].		
DB11620	Neridronic Acid	experimental,investigational			
DB11621	Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin	approved	Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin is a solvent/detergent-treated sterile liquid preparation of purified human immune globulin G (IgG) containing antibodies to varicella zoster virus (anti-VZV). It is prepared from pools of healthy human donors' plasma via anion-exchange column chromatography and was approved in 2012 under the name VariZIG to reduce the disease severity in high-risk patients who lack evidence of immunity to varicella and for whom varicella vaccine is contraindicated. The therapeutic efficacy is proven if administered within 4 days of exposure to varicella zoster virus.		
DB11622	Dehydrocholic acid	approved,investigational	Dehydrocholic acid is a synthetic bile acid that was prepared from the oxidation of cholic acid with chromic acid [A33022]. It has been used for stimulation of biliary lipid secretion. The use of dehydrocholic acid in over-the-counter products has been discontinued by Health Canada.		
DB11623	Candoxatrilat	experimental	A dicarboxylic acid monoamide obtained by formal condensation between the amino group of cis-4-aminocyclohexanecarboxylic acid and the cyclopentanecarboxylic acid group of 1-[(2S)-2-carboxy-3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]cyclopentanecarboxylic acid. A potent inhibitor of neutral endopeptidase (NEP, neprilysin, EC 3.4.24.11), it is used as its 2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-5-yl ester prodrug in the treatment of chronic heart failure.		
DB11624	Epoetin delta	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Epoetin Delta is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Dynepo.		
DB11625	Perflenapent	investigational,withdrawn	Dodecafluoropentane is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product EchoGen.		
DB11626	Tasonermin	approved	Tasonermin is recombinant soluble form tumor necrosis factor &alpha; produced via _Escherichia coli_ cell culture.  It was approved for use by the European Medicines Agency in April of 1999 for use as an adjunt to surgery for the subsequent removal of the tumor and in palliative care for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs as the product Beromun. It is administered with [DB01042] via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.		
DB11627	Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)	approved,withdrawn	Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.		
DB11628	Depreotide	withdrawn	Depreotide is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product NeoSpect.		
DB11629	Laropiprant	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Laropiprant is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Pelzont.		
DB11630	Temoporfin	approved,investigational	Temoporfin is a photosensitizing agent used in the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck [FDA Label]. It was first authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in October 2001. It is currently available under the brand name Foscan.		
DB11631	Eptotermin Alfa	approved,investigational,withdrawn	A bone morphogenetic protein that is widely expressed during EMBRYONIC DEVELOPMENT. It is both a potent osteogenic factor and a specific regulator of nephrogenesis. Eptotermin Alfa is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Osigraft.		
DB11632	Opicapone	approved,investigational	Opicapone is a potent, reversible, and peripherally-acting third-generation inhibitor of catechol-o-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme involved in the breakdown of various catecholamines including dopamine.[A36938,A203048] In June 2016, the European Commission granted a marketing authorization valid throughout the European Union for OPC, indicated as adjunct therapy to levodopa and decarboxylase inhibitors in adult patients with Parkinson's disease and end-of-dose motor fluctuations.[L2339] In April 2020, the FDA approved the use of opicapone as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD) experiencing “off” episodes.[L13772] Opicapone is marketed as, under the brand name Ongentys as once-daily oral capsules.Almost all individuals with Parkinson’s disease whom are treated with levodopa plus a dopa decarboxylase (DDC) inhibitor (eg carbidopa) will develop motor complications in time. The initial step in the management is changing the levodopa/DDC inhibitor dosage and the use of adjunct drugs. Various options include supplementing with a dopamine agonist, a monoamine oxidase B inhibitor (selegiline, rasagiline), a _catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT)_ inhibitor, or amantadine, or using a modified-release formulation of levodopa [L2336].The newest adjunctive option is opicapone. This drug is a peripherally selective reversible COMT inhibitor that offers the benefit of a duration of action exceeding 24h, allowing for once-daily administration [L2336]. Opicapone demonstrates the lowest risk for cytotoxicity in comparison with other catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors [L2337].		
DB11633	Isavuconazole	approved,investigational	Isavuconazole is an triazole antifungal with broad spectrum of activity and good safety profile [A32026]. It is approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis. It works by inhibiting fungal cell membrane synthesis. Invasive fungal infections pose significant clinical challenges for patients, especially those who are immunocompromised. In vitro, most of the _Candida_ species, most _Aspergillus_ species, Mucorales, _Cryptococcus_ spp., _Fusarium_ species, dermatophytes and dimorphic fungi displayed susceptibility to isavuconzaole [A32029]. Resistance to isavuconazole has been associated with the mutation in the target gene CYP51 [FDA Label]. Cross-resistance between isavuconazole and other azoles was also proposed although the clinical relevance is unclear [FDA Label]. As isavuconazole displays low water solubility, it is found as an active ingredient of its prodrug, [DB06636]. The prodrug formulation of isavuconazole is FDA- and EMA-approved and is marketed under the trade name Cresemba for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis as oral or intravenous administration. The intravenous formulation is cyclodextrin-free which gives isavuconazole an advantage over other azole antifungals that requires cyclodextrin for facilitating drug solubility; this is because cyclodextrin has a potential for nephrotoxicity [A32029]. It is proposed that the intravenous and oral dosing can be used interchangeably [L1482], without the need for a repeat loading dose when transitioning from an IV to an oral formulation [A32026]. Isavuconazonium displays excellent water solubility for intravenous formulations, good absorption, and enhanced oral bioavailability [A32026]. Following administration, isavuconazonium undergoes biotransformation to form the active moiety, isavuconazole, for the antifungal actions.		
DB11634	Colestilan chloride	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Colestilan is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product BindRen.		
DB11635	Tocofersolan	approved	D-Alpha-tocopheryl polyethylene glycol 1000 succinate (Tocofersolan, Vedrop), has been developed in Europe as an orally bioavailable source of vitamin E in children suffering from cholestasis [L2371]. Cholestasis is the reduction or stoppage of bile flow, either to impaired secretion by _hepatocytes_ (liver cells) or obstruction [L2374], [L2375].Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of [DB11251]. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Moreover, the agent is capable of demonstrating antioxidant effects that make it a popular component to include in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as well.In addition to the above, tocofersolan has been studied as a promising application as an absorption enhancer in drug delivery [MSDS].		
DB11636	Nomegestrol	approved	Nomegestrol is an ingredient in the EMA-authorised product Zoely.		
DB11637	Delamanid	approved,investigational	Delamanid is an anti-tuberculosis agent derived from the nitro-dihydro-imidazooxazole class of compounds that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis of bacterial cell wall [A31965]. It is used in the treatment of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB) in a combination regimen. Emergence of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis creates clinical challenges for patients, as the disease is associated with a higher mortality rate and insufficient therapeutic response to standardized antituberculosis treatments as [DB00951] and [DB01045]. Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis may also require more than 2 years of chemotherapy and second-line therapies with narrow therapeutic index [A31968]. In a clinical study involving patients with pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis or extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, treatment of delamanid in combination with WHO-recommended optimised background treatment regimen was associated with improved treatment outcomes and reduced mortality rate [A31965]. Spontaneous resistance to delamanid was observed during treatment, where mutation in one of the 5 F420 coenzymes responsible for bioactivation of delamanid contributes to this effect [L1407]. Delamanid is approved by the EMA and is marketed under the trade name Deltyba as oral tablets. It is marketed by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Tokyo, Japan).		
DB11638	Artenimol	experimental,investigational	Artenimol is an artemisinin derivative and antimalarial agent used in the treatment of uncomplicated *Plasmodium falciparum* infections [FDA Label]. It was first authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in October 2011 in combination with [DB13941] as the product Eurartesim. Artemisinin combination therapy is highly effective against malaria and stongly recommended by the World Health Organization [L1156].		
DB11639	Dibotermin alfa	approved,investigational	Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [A31946]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [A31952]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [A31945]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [A31945]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].		
DB11640	Amifampridine	approved,investigational	Amifampridine, or 3,4-diaminopyridine (3,4-DAP), is a quaternary ammonium compound that blocks presynaptic potassium channels, and subsequently prolongs the action potential and increases presynaptic calcium concentrations [A33863]. It was first discovered in Scotland in the 1970s and its clinical effectiveness for neuromuscular disorders, including Lambert–Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS), has been investigated in the 1980s [L3171]. Amifampridine phosphate is a more stable salt that serves as an active ingredient of EMA-approved Firdapse, which was previously marketed as Zenas. It is currently used as the first-line symptomatic treatment for LEMS in adult patients and is ideally given as oral tablets in divided doses, three or four times a day. Firdapse (amifampridine) was formally approved by the US FDA for the treatment of adults with LEMS as recently as November of 2018 [L4819].LEMS is a rare auto-immune disorder of the neuromuscular junction that is characterized by proximal muscle weakness, depressed tendon reflexes, and posttetanic potentiation in addition to autonomic dysfunction [A33863]. About 50-60% of the patients develop more rapidly progressive LEMS and small cell lung cancer, which influences the prognosis [A33863]. Patients with LEMS develop serum antibodies against presynaptic P/Q-type voltage-gated calcium channels, leading to decreased presynaptic calcium levels and reduced quantal release of acetylcholine, which is mainly responsible for causing symptoms of LEMS [A33863]. Reduced acetylcholine release at the neuromuscular junction leads to decreased frequency of miniature endplate potentials of normal amplitude, and insufficient acetylcholine levels for the activation of postsynaptic muscle fibers following a single nerve impulse [A33863]. This leads to the reduction of the compound muscle action potential (CMAP) [A33863]. Treatment for LEMS include immunotherapy such as conventional immunosuppression or intravenous immunoglobulins, however such treatments are recommended in patients in whom symptomatic treatment would not suffice [A33863]. Amifampridine is the nonimmune treatment options for LEMS. In phase III clinical trials of adult patients with LEMS, treatment of amifampridine significantly improved symptoms of LEMS compared to placebo with good tolerance [A33864]. It was demonstrated in clinical studies involving healthy volunteers that the pharmacokinetics and systemic exposure to amifampridine is affected by the genetic differences in N-acetyl-transferase (NAT) enzymes (acetylator phenotype) and NAT2 genotype, which is subject to genetic variation [F272]. Slow acetylators were at higher risk for experiencing drug-associated adverse reactions, such as paresthesias, nausea, and headache [F272].		
DB11641	Vinflunine	approved,investigational	Vinflunine is a third-generation member of the vinca alkaloid family with anti-tumour actions. It was first described in 1998 at the Pierre Fabre research center in France. Like other vinca agents, vinflunine is an anti-mitotic agent that induces a cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase and promotes cell death via apoptosis [L1396]. Vinflunine is a microtubule inhibitor that binds to tubulin at or near to the vinca binding sites to inhibits its polymerization into microtubules during cell proliferation [L1396]. In murine tumors and human tumor xenografts, vinflunine exhibits an antitumor efficacy than [DB00361], [DB00570], and [DB00541] [A31975]. Having an incidence of 429,700 new cases per year worldwide, urothelial carcinoma of the bladder is one of the most common malignancies that mostly affects individuals aged 50–79 years [A32626]. Some patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma experience inadequate therapeutic response from a prior platinum-containing regimen. While these patients have a median survival of approximately 4 months and a poor prognosis [L1396], there is currently no standard therapy in patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma [A32626]. In 2009, vinflunine was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) as a second-line therapy of metastatic and advanced urothelial cancer after failure of platinum-based treatment [A32626]. Vinflunine ditartrate is an active ingredient in the EMA-authorised product Javlor for intravenous infusion. Efficacy and safety of vinflunine has not been studied in patients with performance status of 2 or less. The clinical use of vinflunine in other urologic malignancies, such as inoperable cancer of the penis, are currently have been investigated [A32626].		
DB11642	Pitolisant	approved,investigational	Pitolisant is a selective antagonist or inverse agonist of the histamine H3 receptor used to treat type 1 or 2 narcolepsy.[L1471,L8063] Narcolepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that affects 1 in 2,000 individuals and is characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness, abnormal REM sleep manifestations, sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations.[A32025] About 60-70% of patients with narcolepsy experience cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by positive or negative emotions.[A32022] Histaminergic neuron signalling in the brain plays a role in maintaining wakefulness; by blocking histamine autoreceptors, pitolisant enhances the activity of histaminergic neurons, as well as increasing the signalling of other neurotransmitters in the brain.[L1471]In a European clinical trial of adult patients with narcolepsy, there was a reduction in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) score from pitolisant therapy compared to placebo.[A32024] The therapeutic effectiveness of pitolisant was comparable to that of [modafinil].[A32024] Pitolisant therapy was also effective in treating refractory sleepiness in adolescent patients with narcolepsy, where it decreased ESS score and increased the mean sleep onset latency.[A32023] Adolescent patients with cataplexy also experienced a slight improvement in the frequency and severity of symptoms [A32023]; however, the safety of use in adolescent or paediatric patients have not been established with pitolisant. Commonly marketed under the trade name Wakix, oral pitolisant was approved by the EMA in 2016 [A183062] for the treatment of narcolepsy with or without cataplexy.[L1471] FDA approved the use of pitolisant in 2019 for excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy in adults.[L8063]		
DB11643	Recombinant Cholera Toxin B Subunit	approved	Recombinant Cholera Toxin B Subunit is an ingredient in the EMA-authorised product Dukoral.		
DB11644	Tafamidis	approved,investigational	Tafamidis and tafamidis meglumine (FX-1006A) are benzoxazole derivatives[A27206] developed by FoldRX.[A189717] Tafamidis is structurally similar to diflusinal.[A189717]Tafamidis was granted an EMA market authorisation on 16 November 2011[L6247] and FDA approval on 3 May 2019.[L11280]		
DB11645	PF-4191834	investigational	PF-4191834 has been investigated for the basic science of Asthma.		
DB11646	Conatumumab	investigational	Conatumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Lymphoma, Oncology, Colon Cancer, and Rectal Cancer, among others.		
DB11647	Incyclinide	investigational	Incyclinide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, AIDS-related Kaposi Sarcoma, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB11648	Afuresertib	investigational	Afuresertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer and Neoplasms, Haematologic.		
DB11649	Lersivirine	investigational	Lersivirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1.		
DB11650	HT-0712	investigational	BLX-028914 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Allergic Rhinitis and Age-Associated Memory Impairment (AAMI).		
DB11651	Dactolisib	investigational	Dactolisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumor, Renal Cancer, Breast Cancer, and Cowden Syndrome, among others.		
DB11652	Tucatinib	approved,investigational	Tucatinbib is a kinase inhibitor drug used with [trastuzumab] and [capecitabine] in the treatment of unresectable or metastatic HER-2 positive breast cancer. It was developed by Seattle Genetics and approved by the FDA on April 17, 2020.[L12951] Tucatinib is a promising new treatment for patients with metastatic breast cancer who have not responded adequately to other chemotherapy regimens.[L12945]		
DB11653	Bremelanotide	approved,investigational	Bremelanotide is a 7 amino acid peptide used to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder in premenopausal women.[L9635] Bremelanotide does not interact with alcohol.[A179686] The mechanism by which bremelanotide's action on receptors translates to a clinical effect is still unknown.[L9635]Bremelanotide was first described in the literature in 2003 when it was known by the investigational code PT-141.[A179683] Since then it was investigated for its place in treating sexual dysfunction in men and women but is now only indicated for women.[A179683,A179686,L9635] Other drugs used to treat female sexual dysfunction include [flibanserin], [estrogen], [ospemifene], and [prasterone].[A179689]Bremelanotide was granted FDA approval on 21 June 2019.[L9635]		
DB11654	T-2000	investigational	T2000 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myoclonus and Essential Tremor.		
DB11655	Evacetrapib	investigational	Evacetrapib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Hepatic Insufficiency, and Cardiovascular Disease.		
DB11656	Rebamipide	approved,investigational	Rebamipide has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Ulcer, Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca, and Gastric Adenoma and Early Gastric Cancer.		
DB11657	Tabalumab	investigational	Tabalumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Autoimmune Disease, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Kidney Failure, Chronic, Connective Tissue Disease, and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, among others.		
DB11658	QAV-680	investigational	QAV680 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, and Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB11659	Indium	investigational	Indium has been used in trials studying the basic science of Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma.		
DB11660	Latanoprostene bunod	approved,investigational	Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.		
DB11661	Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)	investigational	Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.		
DB11662	Rabusertib	investigational	Rabusertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumors, Advanced Cancer, Pancreatic Neoplasms, and Non Small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB11663	Pictilisib	investigational	Pictilisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Cancers, Breast Cancer, Advanced Solid Tumours, Metastatic Breast Cancer, and Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Solid Cancers, among others.		
DB11664	Psilocybin	investigational	Psilocybin has been investigated for the treatment of Anxiety and Stage IV Melanoma. In November, 2019, it was granted Breakthrough Therapy status by the FDA.		
DB11665	BMS-690514	investigational	BMS-690514 has been investigated for the treatment of Breast Cancer.		
DB11666	Buparlisib	investigational	Buparlisib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Lymphoma, Metastases, Lung Cancer, Solid Tumors, and Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB11667	2'-cyano-2'-deoxy-1-(beta-D-arabinofuranosyl)cytosine	investigational	2'-cyano-2'-deoxy-1-(beta-D-arabinofuranosyl)cytosine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Colorectal Cancer.		
DB11668	Rusalatide acetate	investigational	Chrysalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Radius Fracture.		
DB11669	Ortataxel	investigational	Ortataxel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Glioblastoma, and Kidney Cancer.		
DB11670	SP-8203	investigational	SP-8203 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ischemic Stroke.		
DB11671	AZD-4877	investigational	AZD4877 has been used in trials studying the treatment of NHL, Tumors, Cancer, Lymphoma, and Neoplasms, among others.		
DB11672	Curcumin	approved,experimental,investigational	Curcumin, also known as diferuloylmethane, is an active component in the golden spice turmeric (Curcuma longa) and in [DB11265]. It is a highly pleiotropic molecule that exhibits antibacterial, anti-inflammatory, hypoglycemic, antioxidant, wound-healing, and antimicrobial activities [A33166]. Due to these properties, curcumin has been investigated for the treatment and supportive care of clinical conditions including proteinuria, breast cancer, multiple myeloma, depression, and Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC). Despite proven efficacy against numerous experimental models, poor bioavailability due to poor absorption, rapid metabolism, and rapid systemic elimination have been shown to limit the therapeutic efficacy of curcumin [A33166]. Curcumin is under investigation for the treatment and supportive care of various clinical conditions including mucositis, rectal cancer, prostate cancer, chronic schizophrenia, and Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) [A33166].		
DB11673	Pyridoxamine	investigational	Pyridoxamine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Kidney Stones.		
DB11674	Equol	investigational	Equol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer.		
DB11675	Mosapride	investigational	Mosapride is under investigation for the treatment and prevention of Postoperative Ileus and Gastric Peroral Endoscopic Pyloromyotomy (G-POEM). Mosapride has been investigated for the treatment and diagnostic of Constipation, Type 2 Diabetes, Functional Dyspepsia, Functional Constipation, and Epigastric Pain Syndrome, among others.		
DB11676	Galidesivir	investigational	Galidesivir is an adenosine analogue that has been investigated for use against Zaire Ebolavirus.[A191451] In animal studies, galidesivir was effective in increasing the survival rates from infections caused by various pathogens, including Ebola, Marburg, Yellow Fever and Zika viruses.[L12084] _In vitro_, it displayed broad-spectrum antiviral activity against various negative- and positive-sense RNA viruses,[A191622] including coronaviruses, filoviruses, and arenaviruses.[L12039,L12084] Phase 1 clinical trials have begun to determine the safety of this drug in humans.[L12042] Because of its activity against other coronaviruses, it may be studied as a potential therapy for COVID-19.		
DB11677	Triheptanoin	approved,investigational	Triheptanoin is a source of heptanoate fatty acids, which can be metabolized without the enzymes of long chain fatty acid oxidation.[L14612] In clinical trials, patients with long chain fatty acid oxidation disorders (lc-FAODs) treated with triheptanoin are less likely to develop hypoglycemia, cardiomyopathy, rhabdomyolysis, and hepatomegaly.[A214812,A214817] Complications in lc-FAOD patients are reduced from approximately 60% to approximately 10% with the addition of triheptanoin.[A214817]Triheptanoin was granted FDA approval on 30 June 2020.[L14612]		
DB11678	Treosulfan	approved,investigational	Treosulfan is under investigation in Allogeneic Haematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation. Treosulfan has been investigated for the treatment of Lymphoblastic Leukemia, Acute, Childhood.		
DB11679	Fruquintinib	investigational	Fruquintinib is under investigation for the treatment of NSCLC. Fruquintinib has been investigated for the treatment of ColoRectal Cancer.		
DB11680	Ficlatuzumab	investigational	Ficlatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Mullerian Mixed Tumor of Ovary, Relapsed Acute Myeloid Leukemia, and Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, among others.		
DB11681	Tofimilast	investigational	Tofimilast has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB11682	Daprodustat	investigational	Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.		
DB11683	PF-06282999	investigational	Pf 06282999 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01626976 (A Study To Assess The Safety, Tolerability And Pharmacokinetics Of PF-06282999 Administered Orally In Healthy Adult Subjects).		
DB11684	APR-246	investigational	APR-246 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostatic Neoplasms, Hematologic Neoplasms, and Platinum Sensitive Recurrent High-grade Serous Ovarian Cancer With Mutated p53.		
DB11685	Figitumumab	investigational	Figitumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Solid Tumor, Breast Cancer, Lung Neoplasms, and Advanced Cancer, among others.		
DB11686	Iferanserin	investigational	Iferanserin has been investigated for the treatment of Hemorrhoids.		
DB11687	E-6201	investigational	E6201 has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Plaque Psoriasis.		
DB11688	2-chloroethyl-3-sarcosinamide-1-nitrosourea	investigational	2-chloroethyl-3-sarcosinamide-1-nitrosourea has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB11689	Selumetinib	approved,investigational	Activation of the Raf-MEK-ERK signaling pathway is known to be implemented in several types of malignancies, thus, mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK) inhibitors such as selumetinib are important tools that can target the problematic overactivity of this pathway.[A193611]Results from clinical trials investigating earlier developed MEK inhibitors were underwhelming.[A193611] However, selumetinib demonstrated impressive efficacy and tolerability in Phase I trials, leading to its continued investigation for the treatment of various types of tumors in Phase II trials.[A193611]Currently, the novel MEK 1 / 2 inhibitor, selumetinib, is approved solely for the treatment of Neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF-1) in a limited age group. NF-1 is considered rare with an estimated incidence of 1/3000 individuals.[A193608] It is a genetic, autosomal dominant condition resulting from mutations of the NF1 gene, which can lead to various complications including the development of multiple tumors in the nervous system.[A193533,A193608] Some patients with this disorder develop plexiform neurofibromas (PN); however, this is considered to be relatively uncommon compared to other variants of NF-1.[A193608] Luckily, the use of selumetinib in patients with NF-1 has shown efficacy in shrinking associated tumors and is linked to other positive clinical outcomes.[A193533]		
DB11690	Vonapanitase	investigational	Vonapanitase is under investigation for the treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease.		
DB11691	Naldemedine	approved,investigational	Naldemedine is an opioid receptor antagonist [FDA Label]. It is a modified form of [DB00704] to which a side chain has been added to increase molecular weight and polar surface area resulting in restricted transport across the blood brain barrier. Naldemedine was approved in 2017 in both the US and Japan for the treatment of Opioid-induced Constipation.		
DB11692	Pavinetant	investigational	Pavinetant has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Safety and Schizophrenia.		
DB11693	Voclosporin	investigational	Voclosporin is a novel cyclosporine analog and immunosuppressive compound currently being investigated for the treatment of psoriasis and for the prevention of organ rejection in kidney transplant patients. All studies to date suggest that Voclosporin is more potent and less toxic than currently available treatments within the drug class of calcineurin inhibitors.		
DB11694	Ilorasertib	investigational	Ilorasertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelodysplasia, Solid Neoplasm, Advanced Cancers, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, among others.		
DB11695	Carnosine	investigational	Carnosine has been investigated for the treatment of Gulf War Illness.		
DB11696	Racecadotril	investigational	Racecadotril has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Diarrhea, Acute Diarrhea, and Acute Gastroenteritis.		
DB11697	Pacritinib	investigational	Pacritinib is under investigation for the prevention of Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML).		
DB11698	Ipragliflozin	investigational	Ipragliflozin is under investigation in Type 2 Diabetes and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB11699	Tropisetron	approved,investigational	Tropisetron is an indole derivative with antiemetic activity. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, tropisetron competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors, resulting in suppression of chemotherapy-and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.Tropisetron appears to be well tolerated with the most frequently reported adverse effect being headache. Extrapyramidal side effects are rare upon using tropisetron.		
DB11700	Setmelanotide	approved,investigational	Setmelanotide is the first available treatment for patients with pro-opiomelanocortin, proprotein subilisin/kexin type 1, or leptin deficiencies.[L24474] It is an agonist of the melanocortin 4 receptor.[A224449] Earlier attempts at agonizing MC4R (such as LY2112688) lead to successful weight loss, but also an increase in blood pressure and heart rate.[A224449] Other earlier treatments for these patients included gastric bypass surgery.[A224449] Patients taking setmelanotide experienced an average weight loss of 0.6 kg/week.[A224449]Imcivree was granted EMA orphan designation on 19 November 2018[L24559] and FDA approval on 25 November 2020.[L24429]		
DB11701	Amenamevir	investigational	Amenamevir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Herpes Zoster, Herpes Simplex, Herpes Genitalis, and Safety of Amenamevir.		
DB11702	Antineoplaston A10	investigational	Antineoplaston A10 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Liver Cancer, and Kidney Cancer, among others.		
DB11703	Acalabrutinib	approved,investigational	To date, acalabrutinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of B-All, Myelofibrosis, Ovarian Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.As of October 31, 2017 the FDA approved Astra Zeneca's orally administered Calquence (acalabrutinib). This Bruton Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, small lymphocytic lymphoma, and in adult patients with Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) who have already received at least one prior therapy.Also known as ACP-196, acalabrutinib is also considered a second generation BTK inhibitor because it was rationally designed to be more potent and selective than ibrutinib, theoretically expected to demonstrate fewer adverse effects owing to minimized bystander effects on targets other than BTK.Nevertheless, acalabrutinib was approved under the FDA's accelerated approval pathway, which is based upon overall response rate and faciliates earlier approval of medicines that treat serious conditions or/and that fill an unmet medical need based on a surrogate endpoint. Continued approval for acalabrutinib's currently accepted indication may subsequently be contingent upon ongoing verification and description of clinical benefit in confimatory trials.Furthermore, the FDA granted this medication Priority Review and Breakthrough Therapy designations. It also received Orphan Drug designation, which provides incentives to assist and encourage the development of drugs for rare diseases. At this time, more than 35 clinical trials across 40 countries with more than 2500 patients are underway or have been completed with regards to further research into better understanding and expanding the therapeutic uses of acalabrutinib [L1009].		
DB11704	Adomeglivant	investigational	Adomeglivant has been investigated for the basic science of Type 2 Diabetes.		
DB11705	Iomeprol	approved,investigational	Iomeprol has been investigated for the diagnostic of Coronary Artery Disease.		
DB11706	Raxatrigine	investigational	Raxatrigine has been investigated for the treatment of Bipolar Disorder and Bipolar Depression.		
DB11707	Olaptesed Pegol	investigational	Olaptesed Pegol has been investigated for the treatment of Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.		
DB11708	Peficitinib	investigational	Peficitinib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Psoriasis, Pharmacodynamics, Drug Interactions, Colitis, Ulcerative, and RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS, among others.		
DB11709	Acetyl hexapeptide-3	investigational	Argireline has been used in trials studying the treatment of wrinkles.		
DB11710	Trigonellamide	investigational	Trigonellamide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01930240 (The Safety of a Hypolipidemic Agent in Healthy Normal Volunteers).		
DB11711	Navarixin	investigational	Navarixin has been investigated for the treatment of Asthma.		
DB11712	Tezacaftor	approved,investigational	Tezacaftor is a drug of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) potentiator class.[L1595] It was developed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved in combination with [ivacaftor] to manage cystic fibrosis.[L6814] This drug was approved by the FDA on February 12, 2018.[L4894]Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, an ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes. CFTR is active in epithelial cells of organs such as of the lungs, pancreas, liver, digestive system, and reproductive tract. Alterations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes.[A20298,A20299] As a result, CF patients produce thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to complications such as infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition.[A20302]		
DB11713	Ruzasvir	investigational	Ruzasvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Hepatitis C, Chronic, and Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB11714	Durvalumab	approved,investigational	Durvalumab is a human immunoglobulin G1 kappa (IgG1κ) monoclonal antibody and a novel immune-checkpoint inhibitor for cancer treatment.[A192789] Produced by recombinant DNA technology in Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell suspension culture,[L12621] durvalumab is a programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody that works to promote normal immune responses that attack tumour cells.[L12621,L12627]Durvalumab is marketed under the brand name Imfinzi, which is available for intravenous injections. It was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in May 2017 [A192807] for the treatment of selected patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma.[L12621] In September 2018, durvalumab was approved by the EMA for the treatment of adult patients with  locally advanced, unresectable non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), only if PD-L1 is expressed in ≥ 1% of tumour cells and there was no observable disease progression following platinum-based chemoradiation therapy.[A192789,L12627] On March 27, 2020, durvalumab was approved by the FDA for use in combination with [etoposide] and either [carboplatin] or [cisplatin] as first-line treatment of patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC).[L12624]		
DB11715	Bapineuzumab	investigational	Bapineuzumab has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11716	Misonidazole	investigational	Misonidazole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00038038 (Assessment of Head and Neck Tumor Hypoxia Using 18F-Fluoromisonidazole).		
DB11717	Epacadostat	investigational	Epacadostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of HL, Melanoma, Glioblastoma, Mucosal Melanoma, and Ovarian Carcinoma, among others.		
DB11718	Encorafenib	approved,investigational	Encorafenib, also known as _BRAFTOVI_,  is a kinase inhibitor.  Encorafenib inhibits BRAF gene, which encodes for B-raf protein, which is a proto-oncogene involved in various genetic mutations [FDA label].  This protein plays a role in regulating the MAP kinase/ERK signaling pathway, which impacts cell division, differentiation, and secretion. Mutations in this gene, most frequently the V600E mutation, are the most commonly identified cancer-causing mutations in melanoma, and have been isolated in various other cancers as well, including non-Hodgkin lymphoma, colorectal cancer, thyroid carcinoma, non-small cell lung carcinoma, hairy cell leukemia and adenocarcinoma of the lung [L3344].On June 27, 2018, the Food and Drug Administration approved encorafenib and [Binimetinib] (BRAFTOVI and MEKTOVI, Array BioPharma Inc.) in combination for patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation, as detected by an FDA-approved test [FDA label].		
DB11719	UK-390957	investigational	UK-390,957 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ejaculation.		
DB11720	Angiotensin 1-7	investigational	TXA127 has been investigated for the treatment of Miscellaneous Peripheral Blood Cell Abnormalities.		
DB11721	Mitoglitazone	investigational	Mitoglitazone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11723	Dutogliptin	investigational	Dutogliptin has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type II.		
DB11724	Bombesin	investigational	Bombesin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01205321 (PET/CT Imaging for Radiation Dosimetry, Plasma Pharmacokinetics, Biodistribution, Safety and Tolerability and Diagnostic Performance of BAY86-7548 in Patients With Prostate Cancer and Healthy Volunteers).		
DB11725	Latrepirdine	investigational	Latrepirdine has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease and Huntington's Disease.	Latrepirdine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11726	Encenicline	investigational	Encenicline has been investigated for the treatment of Cognition, Schizophrenia, Alzheimer's Disease, Cardiac Repolarization, and Central Nervous System Diseases.		
DB11727	Endostar	investigational	Endostar is under investigation for the treatment of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma. Endostar has been investigated for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB11729	GSK-2330672	investigational	GSK2330672 has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB11730	Ribociclib	approved,investigational	Ribociclib is a selective cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, a class of drugs that help slow the progression of cancer by inhibiting two proteins called cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6). These proteins, when over-activated, can enable cancer cells to grow and divide too quickly. Targeting CDK4/6 with enhanced precision may play a role in ensuring that cancer cells do not continue to replicate uncontrollably. Ribociclib was approved by the U.S. FDA in March, 2017 as Kisqali.		
DB11731	Depatuxizumab mafodotin	investigational	Depatuxizumab/Denintuzumab mafodotin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Gliosarcoma, Glioblastoma, Malignant Glioma, Squamous Cell Tumors, and Glioblastoma Multiforme.		
DB11732	Lasmiditan	approved,investigational	Lasmiditan is an oral medication used in the termination of migraine headaches that was first approved for use in the United States in October 2019.[L9338,L9356]Traditionally, the triptan class of anti-migraine medications (e.g. [sumatriptan]) have seen preferential use in the acute treatment of migraines due to their relatively favourable efficacy and safety. Their use is not devoid of concerns, however, and their vasoconstrictive activity can lead to blood pressure lability and other cardiovascular side effects - for this reason, these medications are less suitable for use in patients with pre-existing cardiovascular disorders.[A187316] Triptans abort migraines via action at several serotonin receptors, including 5-HT<sub>1D</sub> and 5-HT<sub>1B</sub> receptors, and activity at the 5-HT<sub>1B</sub> receptor has been specifically implicated in their vasoconstrictive activity.[A187316,A187322]Lasmiditan, in contrast, is a highly selective agonist of 5-HT<sub>1F</sub> receptors, carrying virtually no affinity for other receptors which appear to be largely responsible for the adverse effect profile of its predecessors - in other words, lasmiditan’s selectivity allows for the successful termination of migraines without causing vasoconstriction.[A187322,A187319] Selectivity for  5-HT<sub>1F</sub>, a lack of vasoconstrictive activity, and the ability to terminate migraines through neuronal inhibition has resulted in the creation of a new class of anti-migraine medications in which lasmiditan is the first and only member: the neurally-acting anti-migraine medications (NAAMAs).[A187322,A187307]		
DB11734	Fedovapagon	investigational	Fedovapagon has been used in trials studying the treatment of Nocturia.		
DB11735	Galactose	approved,investigational	Galactose has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnosis of Hepatitis C, Hepatic Cancer, Wilsons Disease, Diabetic Macular Oedema, and Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis, among others. There are even proposals for its use in accelerating senescence in mice, rats, and Drosophila, for its association with ovarian cancer, or even for the potential treatment of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. Nevertheless, none of these ongoing studies have yet provided formal elucidation for their proposals.As a naturally occurring sugar, it may be found in a number dairy products. Even then, however, it is not generally used as a sweetener considering it is only about 30% as sweet as sucrose. Regardless, although it is predominantly used as a pathway to generate glucose fuel for the human body, galactose is involved as an ingredient in some commonly used vaccines and non-prescription products.		
DB11736	PF-00489791	investigational	PF-00489791 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Raynaud's Disease, Diabetic Nephropathies, Hypertension, Pulmonary, and Peripheral Vascular Disease.		
DB11737	Icotinib	experimental,investigational	Icotinib is a potent and specific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)Icotinib was approved in China by the SFDA in June, 2011 and in January 2014, Beta Pharma, Inc. was given a “May Proceed” from the US FDA to conduct a Phase I study for the evaluation of icotinib as a treatment of EGFR+ Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC).		
DB11738	Rilmenidine	approved,investigational	Rilmenidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension and Chronic Kidney Disease.		
DB11739	Vonoprazan	investigational	Vonoprazan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Erosive Esophagitis.		
DB11740	MK-1775	investigational	MK-1775 has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA, Neoplasms, Ovarian Cancer, Tongue Carcinoma, and Adult Glioblastoma, among others.		
DB11741	Famitinib	investigational	Famitinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer Recurrent, Colorectal Cancer Metastatic, and Metastatic Renal Cell Cancer, among others.		
DB11742	Ebastine	approved,investigational	Ebastine is under investigation for the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS). Ebastine has been investigated for the treatment of Urticaria.	Ebastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB11743	Ipatasertib	investigational	Ipatasertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Neoplasms, Solid Cancers, Breast Cancer, and Gastric Cancer, among others.		
DB11744	Epetraborole	investigational	Epetraborole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infections, Bacterial, Infections, Intestinal, Infections, Urinary Tract, and Community-acquired Infection.		
DB11745	Otenabant	investigational	Otenabant has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity.		
DB11746	Onartuzumab	investigational	Onartuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Lung Cancer, Glioblastoma, Gastric Cancer, and Colorectal Cancer, among others.		
DB11747	Barasertib	investigational	Barasertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tumors, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Solid Tumours, and Myeloid Leukemia, among others.		
DB11748	Benfotiamine	approved,experimental	Benfotiamine has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Diabetic Nephropathy and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB11749	(R)-Praziquantel	investigational	(R)-Praziquantel is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02271984 (Relative Bioavailability Trial of L-Praziquantel in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB11750	Clobetasol	approved,experimental,investigational	Clobetasol is under investigation for the treatment of Scleroderma. Clobetasol has been investigated for the prevention of Psoriasis and Cutaneous Atrophy Due to Corticosteroids.		
DB11751	Cabotegravir	approved,investigational	Cabotegravir has been investigated for the treatment of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.		
DB11752	Bryostatin 1	investigational	Bryostatin 1 has been investigated for the treatment of HIV Infection and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11753	Rifamycin	approved,investigational	Rifamycin is the prime member of the rifamycin family which are represented by drugs that are a product of fermentation from the gram-positive bacterium _Amycolatopsis mediterranei_, also known as _Streptomyces mediterranei_. The parent compound of rifamycin was rifamycin B which was originally obtained as a main product in the presence of diethylbarburitic acid. Some small modifications where performed in this inactive compound and with the creation of rifamycin SV there was the first antibiotic used intravenously for the treatment of tuberculosis.[A39990]Rifamycin has had several direct derivative products such as rifamycin SV, rifaximin, rifampin and rifamycin CV. All of the derivatives have slight different physicochemical properties when compared to the parent structure.[A39986]Rifamycin was further developed by Cosmo Technologies Ltd and approved in November 16, 2018 by the FDA as a prescription drug after being granted the designation of Qualified Infectious Disease Product which allowed it to have a status a priority review.[L4800] This drug was also sent for review to the EMA in 2015 by Dr. Falk Pharma Gmbh and it was granted a waiver for the tested conditions.[L4801]		
DB11754	Lirilumab	investigational	Lirilumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, CANCER,NOS, Multiple Myeloma, Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Acute Myeloid Leukemia, among others.		
DB11755	Tetrahydrocannabivarin	investigational	Tetrahydrocannabivarin (THCV) is a propyl analogue of tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), one of the primary pharmacological components of [Medical Cannabis]. Δ9-THC is currently available in several synthetic forms, including [Dronabinol], while purified or isolated THCV is not approved for any medical uses and is not available as any marketed products. As a major phytocannabinoid, however, THCV is accessible within [Medical Cannabis] along with other identified cannabinoids including [Cannabidiol] (CBD), [cannabinol] (CBN), [cannabigerol] (CBG), [cannabichromene] (CBC), [cannabivarin] (CBV), and [Cannabidivarin] (CBDV). THCV is one of four cannabinoids with identified potential as anticonvulsant agents, which also includes Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid, [Cannabidiol] (CBD), and [Cannabidivarin] (CBDV) [A33334].Although THCV possesses an almost identical structure to Δ9-THC (varying only by the length of its lipophilic alkyl chain), it has different molecular targets and pharmacological profile [A32972]. Compared to THC which demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity of both endocannabinoid receptors Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R), THCV acts as a CB1 antagonist and a partial agonist of CB2 [A32477]. Further evidence has also shown that THCV acts as an agonist of GPR55 and l-α-lysophosphatidylinositol (LPI) [A32974]. Beyond the endocannabinoid system, THCV has also been reported to activate 5HT1A receptors to produce an antipsychotic effect that has therapeutic potential for ameliorating some of the negative, cognitive and positive symptoms of schizophrenia [A32975]. Furthermore, THCV interacts with different transient receptor potential (TRP) channels including TRPV2, which may contribute to the analgesic, anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer effects of cannabinoids and Cannabis extracts [A32976]. It has also shown antiepileptiform and anticonvulsant properties, that suggest possible therapeutic application in the treatment of pathophysiologic hyperexcitability states such as untreatable epilepsy [A33325].Cannabinoid receptors are utilized endogenously by the body through the endocannabinoid system, which includes a group of lipid proteins, enzymes, and receptors that are involved in many physiological processes. Through its modulation of neurotransmitter release, the endocannabinoid system regulates cognition, pain sensation, appetite, memory, sleep, immune function, and mood among many others. These effects are largely mediated through two members of the G-protein coupled receptor family, cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 (CB1 and CB2)[A32585]. CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous systems, with the majority of receptors localized to the hippocampus and amygdala of the brain. Physiological effects of using cannabis make sense in the context of its receptor activity as the hippocampus and amygdala are primarily involved with regulation of memory, fear, and emotion. In contrast, CB2 receptors are mainly found peripherally in immune cells, lymphoid tissue, and peripheral nerve terminals [A32676].Reliably studying the effects of Cannabis (and of THCV) is complicated by the numerous other compounds that Cannabis contains such as terpenes, flavonoids, phenols, amino acids, and fatty acids among many others that have the potential to modulate the plant's pharmacological effect [A32832,A32824].		
DB11756	Solanezumab	investigational	Solanezumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.		
DB11757	Istradefylline	approved,investigational	Istradefylline, or KW6002, was developed by Kyowa Hakko Kirin in Japan for the treatment of Parkinson's disease as an adjunct to standard therapy.[A184067] Unlike standard dopaminergic therapies for Parkinson's, Istradefylline targets adenosine A<sub>2A</sub> receptors in the basal ganglia.[A184067] This region of the brain is highly involved in motor control.[A184067]Istradefylline is indicated as an adjunct treatment to [levodopa] and [carbidopa] for Parkinson's disease.[L8237]This drug was first approved in Japan on 25 March 2013.[A184067] Istradefylline was granted FDA approval on 27 August 2019.[L8213]		
DB11758	Cenicriviroc	investigational	Cenicriviroc has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-infection/AIDS, AIDS Dementia Complex, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, Human Immunodeficiency Virus, and HIV-1-Associated Cognitive Motor Complex.		
DB11759	Pevonedistat	investigational	Pevonedistat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin Lymphoma, and Metastatic Melanoma, among others.		
DB11760	Talazoparib	approved,investigational	Talazoparib was approved by the FDA for use in germline BRCA mutated, HER2 negative, locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer on October 16, 2018 under the trade name Talzenna [L4661]. Talzenna was granted approval based on the results of the EMBRACA trial in which talazoparib resulted in a mean 8.6 months progression-free survival time versus physician's choice chemotherapy which resulted in 5.6 months progression-free survival.		
DB11761	Tenapanor	approved,investigational	Tenapanor is a novel, small molecule medication approved in September 2019 for the treatment of constipation-predominant irritable bowel-syndrome (IBS-C).[L8558] It was first designed and synthesized in 2012.[A185492] As an inhibitor of the sodium/hydrogen exchanger isoform 3 (NHE3) transporter, it is the first and currently only medication within its class[A185489,A185492,A185495] and therefore exists as a novel alternative in the treatment of IBS-C.		
DB11762	Marizomib	investigational	Marizomib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Lymphoma, Glioblastoma, and Malignant Glioma, among others.		
DB11763	Momelotinib	investigational	Momelotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Polycythemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis, Post-Polycythemia Vera, Essential Thrombocythemia, and Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), among others.		
DB11764	Spebrutinib	investigational	Spebrutinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse, and Leukemia Lymphocytic Chronic B-Cell.		
DB11765	PF-04991532	investigational	PF-04991532 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, and Glucose Metabolism Disorders.		
DB11766	AZD-1305	investigational	AZD1305 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Atrial Flutter, Atrial Fibrillation, and Left Ventricle Function.		
DB11767	Sarilumab	approved,investigational	Sarilumab is a fully human anti-IL-6R monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to both membrane bound and soluble interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor forms, thus blocking the cis- and trans-inflammatory signalling cascades of IL-6 [A27262]. Sarilumab was developped by Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc; it was US FDA-approved in May 2017 and followed by EU approval in June 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) in combination with methotrexate [A27265]. RA is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by polyarthritis and its treatment has been challenged by the different response in every patient [A27264]. Subcutaneous administration of Sarilumab has been shown to decrease acute-phase reactant levels and improve in clinical RA symptoms [A27263].		
DB11768	Zytron	approved,investigational	Zytron (DMPA) is under investigation for the treatment and health services research of HIV, Lactation, Contraception, Postpartum Depression, and Immune Cells (Mucosal and Systemic). DMPA has been investigated for the prevention, treatment, and basic science of Weight and Microbiota.		
DB11769	Funapide	investigational	Funapide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pharmacokinetics, Postherpetic Neuralgia, and Osteoarthritis of the Knee.		
DB11770	Talinolol	investigational	Talinolol has been investigated for the basic science of Gastrointestinal Motility Disorder.		
DB11771	Tremelimumab	investigational	Tremelimumab is under investigation for the treatment of Mesothelioma, Liver Cancer, Liver Neoplasms, Liver Cell Caricinoma, and HepatoCellular Carcinoma. Tremelimumab has been investigated in Part C: Malignant Mesothelioma and Part A and B: Advanced Solid Malignancies.		
DB11772	Pilaralisib	investigational	Pilaralisib is an orally available small molecule that selectively inhibits the activity of phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3K). Pilaralisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Glioblastoma, and Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB11773	BMS-903452	investigational	BMS-903452 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes.		
DB11774	Pazufloxacin	investigational	Pazufloxacin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02592096 (Pazufloxacin Mesilate Ear Drops Clinical Trial Protocol).		
DB11775	PF-03758309	investigational	PF-03758309 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors.		
DB11776	Brodalumab	approved,investigational	Brodalumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Psoriasis, Crohn's Disease, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Rheumatoid Arthritis. Brodalumab was FDA approved in February, 2017 as Siliq for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.		
DB11777	Cenderitide	investigational	Cenderitide is under investigation for the treatment of ST Elevation (STEMI) Myocardial Infarction of Anterior Wall.		
DB11778	Danusertib	investigational	Danusertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia.		
DB11779	Danoprevir	investigational	Danoprevir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB11780	Allicin	investigational	Allicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Follicular Lymphoma.		
DB11781	Tosedostat	investigational	Tosedostat has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of AML, Leukemia, Pancreas Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others.Tosedostat is an inhibitor of the M1 family of aminopeptidases, in particular PuSA, and LTA4 hydrolase. It has demonstrated anti-tumour activity in a number of models of cancer, both as a single agent and in synergy with cytotoxic agents such as carboplatin and paclitaxel. It entered the clinical trial in patients with haematological malignancies.		
DB11782	Birinapant	investigational	Birinapant has been investigated for the treatment of Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS) and Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML).		
DB11783	Imidapril	investigational	Imidapril has been investigated for the treatment of Kidney, Polycystic, Autosomal Dominant.		
DB11784	NRX-1074	investigational	NRX-1074 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB11785	Anisodamine	investigational	Anisodamine has been investigated for the treatment of Intestinal Diseases.		
DB11786	Pefcalcitol	investigational	Pefcalcitol has been investigated for the basic science of Psoriasis.		
DB11787	Ralimetinib	investigational	Ralimetinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Postmenopausal, Advanced Cancer, Adult Glioblastoma, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Metastatic Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB11788	Neuropeptide Y	approved,investigational	Neuropeptide Y is under investigation for the basic science of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB11789	Hyodeoxycholic Acid	investigational	Hyodeoxycholic Acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB11790	Radafaxine	investigational	Radafaxine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Major.		
DB11791	Capmatinib	approved,investigational	Capmatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor targeted against c-Met (a.k.a. hepatocyte growth factor receptor [HGFR]), a receptor tyrosine kinase that, in healthy humans, activates signaling cascades involved in organ regeneration and tissue repair.[A199122] Aberrant c-Met activation - via mutations, amplification, and/or overexpression - is known to occur in many types of cancer, and leads to overactivation of multiple downstream signaling pathways such as STAT3, PI3K/ATK, and RAS/MAPK.[A199122] Mutations in _MET_ have been detected in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and the prevalence of _MET_ amplification in epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI)-naive patients with NSCLC has been reported to be 1.4% - 21%.[A199122] This co-occurrence has made c-Met a desirable target in the treatment of NSCLC.Manufactured by Novartis and marketed under the brand name Tabrecta, capmatinib was granted accelerated approval by the FDA on May 6, 2020,[L13380] for the treatment of NSCLC in patients whose tumors have a mutation that leads to mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) exon 14 skipping.[L13347] The presence of the mutation must be confirmed by an FDA-approved test, such as the FoundationOne CDx assay (manufactured by Foundation Medicine, Inc.), which was approved by the FDA on the same day.[L13380] As this indication was granted under an accelerated approval, its continued approval is contingent upon verification of capmatinib's benefit in confirmatory trials.[L13347]		
DB11792	Mirodenafil	investigational	Mirodenafil has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Kidney Diseases, Urologic Diseases, Renal Insufficiency, Erectile Dysfunction, and Male Erectile Dysfunction.		
DB11793	Niraparib	approved,investigational	Niraparib is an orally active PARP inhibitor developed by Tesaro to treat ovarian cancer. FDA approval on March 2017.		
DB11794	Berzosertib	investigational	Berzosertib (VX-970) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Neoplasms, Ovarian Serous Tumor, Adult Solid Neoplasm, Advanced Solid Tumor, and Advanced Solid Neoplasm, among others.		
DB11795	GSK-2636771	investigational	GSK2636771 has been used in trials studying the treatment of CANCER, LYMPHOMA, Solid Neoplasm, Recurrent Solid Neoplasm, and Advanced Malignant Neoplasm, among others.		
DB11796	Fostemsavir	approved,investigational	Fostemsavir is the phosphonooxymethyl prodrug of temsavir, a novel HIV-1 attachment inhibitor.[L14867] It binds to and inhibits the activity of gp120, a subunit within the HIV-1 gp160 envelope glycoprotein that facilitates the attachment of HIV-1 to host cell CD4 receptors - in doing so, temsavir prevents the first step in the HIV-1 viral lifecycle.[L14867] The discovery of gp120 as a potential target of interest in the treatment of HIV-1 infection is relatively recent, and was born out of a desire to find alternative target proteins (i.e. mechanistically orthogonal therapies) for the treatment of HIV-1 patients with resistant infections.[A215057] Fostemavir is the first attachment inhibitor to receive FDA approval, granted in July 2020 for use in combination with other antiretrovirals in highly treatment-experienced patients with multidrug-resistant HIV-1 infection whom are failing their current therapy.[L14867,L14917] Targeting gp120 subunits is a new and novel therapeutic approach to HIV-1 infection, and the addition of attachment inhibitors, like temsavir, to the armament of therapies targeted against HIV-1 fills a necessary niche for therapeutic options in patients left with few, if any, viable treatments.		
DB11797	Aceneuramic acid	investigational	Aceneuramic acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Distal Myopathy, Nonaka Type, Hereditary Inclusion Body Myopathy, and Distal Myopathy With Rimmed Vacuoles.		
DB11798	Tanzisertib	investigational	Tanzisertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibrosis, Discoid Lupus, Pulmonary Fibrosis, Interstitial Lung Disease, and Lung Diseases, Interstitial, among others.		
DB11799	Bictegravir	approved,investigational	Bictegravir is a recently approved investigational drug that has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 and HIV-2 infection.  It has been approved for HIV-1 monotherapy combined with 2 other antiretrovirals in a single tablet.		
DB11800	Tivozanib	approved,investigational	Tivozanib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Solid Tumors, Glioblastoma, Ovarian Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Stage IV Disease, among others.		
DB11801	Rapastinel	investigational	Rapastinel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Major and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD).		
DB11803	Sirukumab	investigational	Sirukumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Giant Cell Arteritis and Arthritis, Rheumatoid.		
DB11804	AZD-5672	investigational	Azd5672 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Pharmacokinetics, Renal Impairment, and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB11805	Saracatinib	investigational	Saracatinib has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Osteosarcoma, Ovarian Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cancer.		
DB11806	VTP-194204	investigational	Nrx194204 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Parkinson's Disease and Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB11807	Dexmecamylamine	investigational	Dexmecamylamine has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Patients, Depression, Drug Abuse, Pharmacokinetics, and Renal Impairment, among others.		
DB11808	Faldaprevir	investigational	Faldaprevir has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C.		
DB11809	Artefenomel	investigational	Artefenomel has been investigated for the treatment of Malaria.		
DB11810	Etarfolatide	investigational	Etarfolatide has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Breast Neoplasms, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Adenocarcinoma of the Lung.		
DB11811	Arhalofenate	investigational	Arhalofenate has been investigated for the treatment of Gout and Hyperuricemia.		
DB11812	Talaporfin	investigational	Talaporfin has been investigated for the treatment of Port-Wine Stain and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.		
DB11813	Mipsagargin	investigational	Mipsagargin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Prostatic Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumors, Glioblastoma Multiforme, and Hepatocellular Carcinoma, among others.		
DB11814	PF-03882845	investigational	PF-03882845 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 and Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy.		
DB11815	Tilarginine	approved,investigational	Tilarginine has been investigated for the basic science, treatment, and diagnostic of Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes, Ocular Physiology, and Regional Blood Flow.		
DB11816	Omecamtiv Mecarbil	investigational	Omecamtiv Mecarbil has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Heart Failure, Echocardiogram, Pharmacokinetics, Chronic Heart Failure, and History of Chronic Heart Failure, among others.		
DB11817	Baricitinib	approved,investigational	Baricitinib is a selective and reversible Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and 2 (JAK2) inhibitor. Janus kinases belong to the tyrosine protein kinase family and play an important role in the proinflammatory pathway signalling that is frequently over-activated in autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis. By blocking the actions of JAK1/2, baricitinib disrupts the activation of downstream signalling molecules and proinflammatory mediators. Rheumatoid arthritis is a progressive autoimmune disease commonly associated with discomfort, diasability, and joint damage. Throughout disease progression, the disease may further lead to joint erosions and deformities, causing premature mortality, functional impairment, and reduced quality of life [A31386]. While there are several disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) available for treatment, patients often experience inadequate threapeutic resposes to these drugs. In animal models of inflammatory arthritis, baricitinib was shown to have significant anti-inflammatory effects, but also led to preservation of cartilage and bone, with no detectable suppression of humoral immunity or adverse hematologic effects [A31382].In the EU, baricitinib was approved in February of 2017 as a second-line orally administered treatment for moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults, either as a monotherapy or when combined with methotrexate. It is marketed under the trade name Olumiant.Baricitinib in combination with [remdesivir] for the treatment of COVID-19, was granted an FDA Emergency Use Authorization on 19 November 2020.[L22619]		
DB11818	Retosiban	investigational	Retosiban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Premature Labor and Obstetric Labour, Premature.		
DB11819	ASP-4058	investigational	ASP4058 has been used in trials studying Food Effect of ASP4058 and Pharmacokinetics of ASP4058.		
DB11820	Nifurtimox	approved,investigational	Chagas disease, caused by a parasite known as Trypanosoma cruzi (T.cruzi), is a vector-transmitted disease affecting animals and humans in the Americas. It is commonly known as American Trypanosomiasis.[L15366]The CDC estimates that approximately 8 million people in Central America, South America, and Mexico are infected with T. cruzi, without symptoms. If Chagas disease is left untreated, life-threatening sequelae may result.[L15366]Nifurtimox, developed by Bayer, is a nitrofuran antiprotozoal drug used in the treatment of Chagas disease. On August 6 2020, accelerated FDA approval was granted for its use in pediatric patients in response to promising results from phase III clinical trials. Continued approval will be contingent upon confirmatory data.[L15361] A convenient feature of Bayer's formulation is the ability to divide the scored tablets manually without the need for pill-cutting devices.[L15361]		
DB11821	Danegaptide	investigational	Danegaptide has been investigated for the treatment of Focus of Study is STEMI.		
DB11822	TMC-647055	investigational	TMC647055 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic Hepatitis C, Hepatitis C, Chronic, and Chronic Hepatitis C Virus.		
DB11823	Esketamine	approved,investigational	Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a significant cause of disability worldwide and the most common illness preceding suicide [L5596], [A175462]. On March 5, 2019, the nasal spray drug, _esketamine_, also known as _Spravato_ (by Janssen Pharmaceuticals), was approved by the FDA for treatment-resistant major depression. Esketamine is the s-enantiomer of [Ketamine]. Ketamine is a mixture of two enantiomers (mirror image molecules). This is the first time that the FDA has approved esketamine for any use. The FDA approved ketamine (Ketalar) in 1970 [L5593].Esketamine may prove to be a promising treatment for patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder who have not experienced an improvement in symptoms despite treatment with various medications and therapies. The intranasal route of administration for this drug allows for easy administration and a fast onset of action, which sets it apart from many other antidepressant agents that may take several weeks to take effect.		
DB11824	Tofogliflozin	investigational	Tofogliflozin has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.		
DB11825	Mirogabalin	investigational	Mirogabalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Post-herpetic Neuralgia, Pain Associated With Fibromyalgia, and Diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain.		
DB11826	Lampalizumab	investigational	Lampalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy.		
DB11827	Ertugliflozin	approved,investigational	Ertugliflozin belongs to the class of potent and selective inhibitors of the sodium-dependent glucose cotransporters (SGLT), more specifically the type 2 which is responsible for about 90% of the glucose reabsorption from glomerulus.[A31581] This drug was developed under the collaboration of Merck and Pfizer. It was FDA approved as monotherapy and in combination with sitagliptin or metformin hydrochloride on December 22, 2017.[L1132]		
DB11828	Neratinib	approved,investigational	Neratinib was approved in July 2017 for use as an extended adjuvant therapy in Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) positive breast cancer. Approval was granted to Puma Biotechnology Inc. for the tradename Nerlynx. Neratinib is currently under investigation for use in many other forms of cancer.		
DB11829	Ruboxistaurin	investigational	Ruboxistaurin has been investigated for the basic science of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB11830	Mocetinostat	investigational	Mocetinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Urothelial Carcinoma, Relapsed and Refractory, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Metastatic Leiomyosarcoma, among others.		
DB11831	Dinitrochlorobenzene	investigational	Dinitrochlorobenzene has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB11832	Crenolanib	investigational	Crenolanib is under investigation for the treatment of Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma and Progressive or Refractory High-Grade Glioma.		
DB11833	Basimglurant	investigational	Basimglurant has been used in trials studying the diagnostic and treatment of Depression, Fragile X Syndrome, and Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB11834	Guselkumab	approved,investigational	Guselkumab is a human immunoglobulin G1 lambda (IgG1λ) monoclonal antibody that selectively blocks interleukin-23. IL-23 is an inflammatory cytokine that activates the CD4+ T-helper (Th17) cell pathway to mediate the inflammatory cascade that induces psoriatic plaque formation [A20357]. In clinical trials, guselkumab demonstrated improved skin clearance and symptomatic improvements in dermatological manifestations of psoriasis. Developed by Janssen, the subcutenous injection form of guselkumab was approved in July 2017 under the market name Tremfya for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.		
DB11835	Indium In-111 pentetreotide	approved,investigational	Indium In 111 pentetreotide (Octreoscan) has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of SARCOIDOSIS, Solid Tumors, and cushing syndrome.		
DB11836	Sapanisertib	investigational	Sapanisertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of HCC, Solid Tumor, Gliosarcoma, Liver Cancer, and Glioblastoma, among others.		
DB11837	Osilodrostat	approved,investigational	Osilodrostat is an inhibitor of 11β-hydroxylase (also referred to as CYP11B1), the enzyme that catalyzes the final step in the biosynthesis of endogenous cortisol.[L12123] It is used to lower circulating cortisol levels in the treatment of Cushing's disease, a disorder in which cortisol levels are chronically and supraphysiologically elevated. Cushing's disease is often the result of ACTH hypersecretion secondary to a pituitary tumor, and surgical resection of the tumour is generally the treatment of choice.[A191910] As an orally bioavailable drug therapy, osilodrostat provides a novel treatment option for patients in whom removal of the causative tumor is not an option or for whom previous pituitary surgery has not been curative.Osilodrostat is manufactured by Novartis under the brand name Isturisa.[L12123] It has undergone phase II clinical trials for the treatment of solid tumours, hypertension, and heart failure, but development for these indications was discontinued by Novartis in January 2013.[A191850] Osilodrostat was approved for use in the EU in January 2020 for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome (i.e. Cushing's disease),[A191850] and was granted FDA approval and Orphan Drug designation in the US in March 2020 for the same indication.[L12162]		
DB11838	Revamilast	investigational	Revamilast has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB11839	PZ-128	investigational	PZ-128 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Heart Diseases, Coronary Disease, Arteriosclerosis, Vascular Diseases, and Myocardial Ischemia, among others.		
DB11840	Dalotuzumab	investigational	Dalotuzumab has been investigated for the treatment of Breast Cancer, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.		
DB11841	Entinostat	investigational	Entinostat is under investigation for the treatment and other of Volunteers, Breast Cancer, Human Volunteers, and Normal Volunteers. Entinostat has been investigated for the treatment of Non-Small Lung Cancer, Epigenetic Therapy.		
DB11842	Angiotensin II	approved,investigational	Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.		
DB11843	PF-04958242	investigational	PF-04958242 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Schizophrenia and Hearing Loss, Sensorineural.		
DB11844	Pritelivir	investigational	Pritelivir has been used in trials studying the prevention of HSV-2 and Genital Herpes.		
DB11845	Lucitanib	investigational	Lucitanib has been used in trials studying the treatment of ER+, MBC, SCLC, HER2+, and NSCLC, among others.		
DB11846	Creatinine	investigational	Creatinine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.		
DB11847	Cadazolid	investigational	Cadazolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Clostridium Difficile Infection.		
DB11848	Mannose 6-phosphate	investigational	Mannose 6-phosphate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Wound, Cicatrix, Wound-healing, and Re-epithelialisation.		
DB11849	Emibetuzumab	investigational	Emibetuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, Hepatocellular Cancer, Gastric Adenocarcinoma, and Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, among others.		
DB11850	Ublituximab	investigational	Ublituximab has been used in trials studying the treatment of B-cell Lymphoma, Neuromyelitis Optica, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma, and Marginal Zone Lymphoma, among others.		
DB11851	Bafetinib	investigational	Bafetinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Mixed Glioma, Adult Glioblastoma, Chronic Myeloid Leukemia, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.	Bafetinib Inhibition of BCR-ABL	
DB11852	Tegobuvir	investigational	Tegobuvir has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB11853	Relugolix	approved,investigational	Relugolix is a gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist used in the treatment of several hormone-responsive conditions. It was first approved in Japan in 2019, under the brand name Relumina, for the symptomatic treatment of uterine fibroids,[A225816] and more recently by the United States' FDA in 2020, under the brand name Orgovyx, for the treatment of advanced prostate cancer.[L27991,L27996] Relugolix has also been studied in the symptomatic treatment of endometriosis.[A225761] Relugolix is the first (and currently only) orally-administered GnRH receptor antagonist approved for the treatment of prostate cancer - similar therapies such as [degarelix] require subcutaneous administration - and therefore provides a less burdensome therapeutic option for patients who might otherwise require clinic visits for administration by healthcare professionals.[L27996] In addition to its relative ease-of-use, relugolix was shown to be superior in the depression of testosterone levels when compared to [leuprolide], another androgen deprivation therapy used in the treatment of prostate cancer.[A225926]		
DB11854	Astodrimer	investigational	Astodrimer has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Bacterial Vaginosis. It is a lysine-based dendrimer with naphthalene disulfonic acid surface groups.		
DB11855	Revefenacin	approved,investigational	Revefenacin is a novel biphenyl carbamate tertiary amine agent that belongs to the family of the long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LABA). The labile primary amide in the structure produces a "soft-drug" site that allows rapid systemic clearance and minimizing of the systemically mediated adverse reactions. The LABA group falls into a parent category known as long-acting inhaled bronchodilators and this type of agents are recommended as a maintenance therapy for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).[A40025] From the LABA group, revefenacin is the first once-daily nebulized LAMA treatment.[A40026] It was developed by Theravance Biopharma and FDA approved on November 9, 2018.[L4818]		
DB11856	Ligelizumab	investigational	Ligelizumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Asthma, Allergy, Peanut Allergy, Allergic Asthma, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others.		
DB11857	Seribantumab	investigational	Seribantumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of NSCLC, Heregulin, Adenocarcinoma, Colorectal Cancer, and Solid Tumor Cancers, among others.		
DB11858	Leukotriene D4	investigational	Leukotriene D4 has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Asthma and Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB11859	Brexanolone	approved,investigational	As of March 2019, brexanolone - developed and made available commercially by Sage Therapeutics Inc. as the brand name product Zulresso - is the first drug to have ever been approved by the US FDA specifically for the treatment of postpartum depression (PPD) in adult females [F4066]. Since PPD, like various other types of depression, is characterized by feelings of sadness, worthlessness or guilt, cognitive impairment, and/or possibly suicidal ideation, it is considered a life-threatening condition [F4072]. Studies have consequently found that PPD can genuinely have profound negative effects on the maternal-infant bond and later infant development [F4072, A176080, A176083]. The development and availability of brexanolone for the treatment of PPD in adult females subsequently provides a new and promising therapy where few existed before [F4066].In particular, the use of brexanolone in treating PPD is surrounded with promise because it acts in part as a synthetic supplement for possible deficiencies in endogenous brexanolone (allopregnanolone) in postpartum women susceptible to PPD whereas many commonly used anti-depressive medications elicit actions that may modulate the presence and activity of substances like serotonin, norepinephrine, and/or monoamine oxidase but do not mediate activities directly associated with PPD like natural fluctuations in the levels of endogenous neuroactive steroids like allopregnanolone [F4063].And finally, although brexanolone may also be undergoing clinical trials to investigate its abilities to treat super-refractory status epilepticus, it appears that some such studies have failed to meet primary endpoints that compare success in the weaning of third-line agents and resolution of potentially life-threatening status epilepticus with brexanolone vs. placebo when added to standard-of-care [L5750].		
DB11860	Aramchol	investigational	Aramchol has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Gallstones, Fatty Liver, Metabolic Syndrome, and Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, among others.		
DB11861	Litronesib	investigational	Litronesib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Ovarian Cancer, Gastric Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Acute Leukaemia, among others.		
DB11862	Landogrozumab	investigational	Landogrozumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Cancer, Muscular Atrophy, and Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB11863	Alvelestat	investigational	Alvelestat has been investigated for the basic science of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB11864	Preladenant	investigational	Preladenant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Brain Diseases, Parkinson Disease, Movement Disorders, Antipsychotic Agents, and Parkinsonian Disorders, among others.		
DB11865	Brivanib alaninate	investigational	Brivanib alaninate has been investigated for the treatment of Colorectal Cancer.		
DB11866	Romosozumab	approved,investigational	Romosozumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of osteoperosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of fracture and patients who have failed in other treatments or are intolerant to other osteoperosis therapies[L9554]. Romosozumab prevents bone resorption and induces the formation of bone though it is associated with an increased risk of cardiac death, heart attack, and stroke in one study[L5921,L5924]. In a comparison study of post menopausal women with osteoporosis and a past fracture, romosozumab for 12 months followed by alendronic acid for 12 months was superior to alendronic acid alone for 24 months[A177071]. Romosozumab also demonstrates a faster and larger increase in bone density than teriparatide[A177050]. Romosozumab is marketed in the United States by Amgen under the brand name Evinity[L5921]. Romosozumab was granted FDA approval on April 9,2019[L5921].		
DB11867	JNJ-39393406	investigational	JNJ-39393406 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of DEPRESSION, Schizophrenia, Smoking Cessation, Cognition Disorders, and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11868	Etiracetam	investigational	Etiracetam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01137110 (Comparison of Short Duration Levetiracetam to Extended Course for Seizure Prophylaxis After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)).		
DB11869	Valspodar	investigational	Valspodar has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Sarcoma, Leukemia, Lymphoma, and Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB11870	RG-4733	investigational	Ro4929097 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, LYMPHOMA, Neoplasms, Wilm's Tumor, and OSTEOSARCOMA, among others.		
DB11871	PF-00610355	investigational	PF-00610355 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Disease, Moxifloxacin, Pulmonary Disease, Asthma, Bronchial, and Bronchial Diseases, among others.		
DB11872	ZD-6126	investigational	ZD6126 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Kidney Neoplasms, Colorectal Neoplasms, Metastases, Neoplasm, and Carcinoma, Renal Cell.		
DB11873	Verinurad	investigational	Verinurad has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Gout, Gout and Hyperuricemia, and Gout and Asymptomatic Hyperuricemia.		
DB11874	Crocin	investigational	Crocin has been investigated for the treatment of Hyperglycemia, Metabolic Syndrome, Hypertriglyceridemia, and Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB11875	3,3'-diindolylmethane	investigational	Diindolylmethane has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of SLE, Prostate Cancer, Cervical Dysplasia, Stage I Prostate Cancer, and Stage II Prostate Cancer, among others.		
DB11876	Alanyl glutamine	investigational	Alanyl Glutamine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00338221 (Clinical Trial of Alanyl-Glutamine or Glycine in Children With Persistent Diarrhea or Malnutrition).		
DB11877	Basmisanil	investigational	Basmisanil has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Down Syndrome.		
DB11878	Filibuvir	investigational	Filibuvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis, Hepatitis C, and Chronic Hepatitis C.		
DB11879	Dusquetide	investigational	Dusquetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oral Mucositis.		
DB11880	Acridine Carboxamide	investigational	Acridine Carboxamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB11881	AUY922	investigational	AUY922 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Breast Cancer, Metastatic Disease, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Hematologic Neoplasms, among others.		
DB11882	BPC-157	investigational	Bepecin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02637284 (PCO-02 - Safety and Pharmacokinetics Trial).		
DB11883	SB-705498	investigational	SB-705498 has been investigated for the treatment of Rhinitis, Chronic Cough, and Non-allergic Rhinitis.		
DB11884	Vadastuximab Talirine	investigational	Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.		
DB11885	Anlotinib	investigational	Anlotinib has been investigated for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.		
DB11886	Infigratinib	investigational	Infigratinib is under investigation for the treatment of Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.		
DB11888	Laninamivir octanoate	investigational	Laninamivir octanoate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma.		
DB11889	Lanicemine	investigational	Lanicemine has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB11890	Cilengitide	investigational	Cilengitide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Gliomas, Lymphoma, Leukemia, and Lung Cancer, among others.		
DB11891	CUDC-907	investigational	CUDC-907 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, BREAST CANCER, Multiple Myeloma, and NUT Midline Carcinoma, among others.		
DB11892	Prulifloxacin	investigational	Prulifloxacin has been investigated for the treatment of Urinary Tract Infection.		
DB11893	Avagacestat	investigational	Avagacestat has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB11894	Efatutazone	investigational	Efatutazone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Liposarcoma, Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, and Recurrent Thyroid Cancer, among others.		
DB11895	Lenomorelin	investigational	Lenomorelin has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Cancer, Alcoholism, Metabolism, Hypopituitarism, and Frailty Syndrome, among others.		
DB11896	Gedatolisib	investigational	Gedatolisib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Neoplasm, Ovary Cancer, Breast Cancer, Advanced Cancer, and Endometrial Cancer, among others.		
DB11898	2,4-thiazolidinedione	investigational	Thiazolidinedione has been investigated for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes, Diabetes Mellitus, and DIABETES MELLITUS, TYPE 2.		
DB11899	MK-8776	investigational	Sch 900776 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Hodgkin Disease, Adult Erythroleukemia, Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin, and Myelogenous Leukemia, Acute, among others.		
DB11900	OC-459	investigational	OC000459 is under investigation for the treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. OC000459 has been investigated for the treatment of Bronchial Asthma.		
DB11901	Apalutamide	approved,investigational	Apalutamide is a potent androgen receptor (AR) antagonist that selectively binds to the ligand-binding domain of AR and blocks AR nuclear translocation or binding to androgen response elements [A31846]. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Hepatic Impairment, Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer, and Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant, among others. Exerting an antitumor action, apalutamide blocking the effect of androgens that promote tumor growth. It targets the AR ligand-binding domain and prevents AR nuclear translocation, DNA binding, and transcription of AR gene targets in prostate tumors [A31846]. In mice bearing human CRPC xenograft models, apalutamide treatment produced tumor regressions in a dose-dependent manner that was more effective than that of [DB01128] or [DB08899]. Unlike bicalutamide, apalutamide antagonized AR-mediated signaling in AR overexpressing human CRPC cell lines [A31846].Androgen-deprivation therapy, or hormone therapy, can be used as part of maintenance therapy for patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer. Although most patients achieve therapeutic responses at the initial hormone therapy, many patients progress to non-metastatic castration-resistant (resistance to hormone therapy) prostate cancer which is the second-most common cause of cancer-related deaths in American males [A31852]. Castration-resistant prostate cancer is often incurable, which poses significant clinical challenges for patients. Approximately 10 to 20 % of prostate cancer cases are castration-resistant, and up to 16% of these patients show no evidence of cancer metastasis at the time of castration-resistant diagnosis [L1295]. Higher prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and shorter PSA doubling time (PSA DT) are associated with a higher risk for metastases and death [A31846]. In a phase-2 multicenter open-label study, 89% of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer had ≥50% PSA decline at week 12 of apalutamide treatment [A31846]. In a randomized trial, the median metastasis-free survival for patients taking apalutamide was 40.5 months compared to 16.2 months for patients taking a placebo [L1295]. Apalutamide displayed good tolerability and safety profile in clinical studies. Apalutamide was approved in February 2018 by the FDA as Erleada for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer that is resistant to treatment with hormone therapy (castration-resistant). It is available as oral tablets. Apalutamide is the first FDA-approved treatment for non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer [L1295].		
DB11902	Gisadenafil	investigational	Gisadenafil has been investigated for the treatment of Prostatic Hyperplasia.		
DB11903	GW842166	investigational	GW842166X has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Analgesia, Inflammation, Osteoarthritis, and Pain, Inflammatory, among others.		
DB11904	Flumatinib	investigational	Flumatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelogenous Leukemia, Chronic.		
DB11905	Sutezolid	investigational	Sutezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tuberculosis.		
DB11906	Acyline	investigational	Acyline has been investigated for the prevention and treatment of Hypogonadism and Contraception.		
DB11907	Rociletinib	investigational	Rociletinib has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB11909	Varespladib	investigational	Varespladib has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Sickle Cell Disease, Vaso-occlusive Crisis, and Acute Coronary Syndrome.		
DB11910	MK-0249	investigational	MK0249 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypopnea Syndrome, Alzheimer's Disease, Paranoid Schizophrenia, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness, among others.		
DB11911	Galunisertib	investigational	Galunisertib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Glioma, Neoplasms, Solid Tumor, GLIOBLASTOMA, and Prostate Cancer, among others.		
DB11912	Lanopepden	investigational	Lanopepden has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pneumonia, Infections, Bacterial, Skin Diseases, Infectious, and Skin Infections, Bacterial.		
DB11913	LY-2090314	investigational	Ly2090314 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Advanced Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB11914	Lebrikizumab	investigational	Lebrikizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Asthma, Atopic Dermatitis, Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis, and COPD, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB11915	Valbenazine	approved,investigational	Valbenazine (development name NBI-98854) has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Tourette Syndrome and Tardive Dyskinesia. In April, 2017, valbenazine was approved by the FDA (as Ingrezza) as the first and only approved treatment for adults with Tardive Dyskinesia (TD).		
DB11916	Indium In-111	investigational	Indium In-111 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00493454 (Ibritumomab Tiuxetan for Treatment of Non-Follicular CD20+ Indolent Lymphomas).		
DB11917	Vatiquinone	investigational	Vatiquinone has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type.		
DB11918	Guadecitabine	investigational	Guadecitabine is under investigation for the treatment of Previously Treated Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.		
DB11919	6-O-benzylguanine	investigational	6-O-benzylguanine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Glioblastoma, Stage I Adult Hodgkin Lymphoma, and Stage II Adult Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.		
DB11920	Lesogaberan	investigational	Lesogaberan has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of GERD, Reflux, Heartburn, Regurgitation, and Reflux Disease, among others.		
DB11921	Deflazacort	approved,investigational	Deflazacort, also known as Emflaza, is a corticosteroid prodrug used as an agent to manage Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). It is marketed by Marathon Pharmaceuticals and was approved in February 2017 by the FDA.[L6694,FDA label]Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy is an inherited disorder resulting from mutations of the dystrophin gene, which is important for muscle function. This disease can cause serious muscle weakness and progressive breathing and cardiovascular disability, severely impacting patient quality of life and survival.[A179446,A179449,L6697] This disease usually manifests by muscle weakness in early childhood followed by loss of the ability to walk (ambulation) as early as age 7.[A179449]Deflazacort delays the onset of muscle related complications resulting from DMD[A179455], prolonging the lives of children diagnosed with this disease and exerting less harmful effects on the bone health and weight than other steroid medications.[A179452,A25340]		
DB11922	Danirixin	investigational	Danirixin has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Virus Diseases, Nutritional Status, Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive, and Infections, Respiratory Syncytial Virus.		
DB11923	Decoglurant	investigational	Decoglurant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB11924	Safingol	investigational	Safingol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB11925	Vistusertib	investigational	Vistusertib is under investigation for the treatment of Advanced Gastric Adenocarcinoma.		
DB11926	Tesidolumab	investigational	Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.		
DB11927	Lodenafil carbonate	investigational	Lodenafil carbonate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Coronaropathy and Erectile Dysfunction.		
DB11928	Vosoritide	investigational	Vosoritide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Achondroplasia.		
DB11929	Vaniprevir	investigational	Vaniprevir has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Chronic Hepatitis C, Hepatitis C, Chronic, Chronic Hepatitis C Infection, and Chronic Genotype 1 Hepatitis C Virus Infection.		
DB11930	Varlilumab	investigational	Varlilumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of MELANOMA, Skin Ulcer, Burkett's Lymphoma, Mantle cell lymphoma, and Any T-cell Malignancy, among others.		
DB11932	Abametapir	approved,investigational	Abametapir is a novel pediculicidal metalloproteinase inhibitor used to treat infestations of head lice.[L15153] The life cycle of head lice (_Pediculus capitis_) is approximately 30 days, seven to twelve of which are spent as eggs laid on hair shafts near the scalp.[A216183] Topical pediculicides generally lack adequate ovicidal activity,[A216183] including standard-of-care treatments such as [permethrin], and many require a second administration 7-10 days following the first to kill newly hatched lice that resisted the initial treatment. The necessity for follow-up treatment may lead to challenges with patient adherence, and resistance to agents like permethrin and [pyrethrins]/[piperonyl butoxide] may be significant in some areas.[A216228] Investigations into novel ovicidal treatments revealed that several metalloproteinase enzymes were critical to the egg hatching and survival of head lice, and these enzymes were therefore identified as a potential therapeutic target.[A216178] Abemetapir is an inhibitor of these metalloproteinase enzymes, and the first topical pediculicide to take advantage of this novel target. The improved ovicidal activity (90-100% _in vitro_) of abemetapir allows for a single administration, in contrast to many other topical treatments, and its novel and relatively non-specific mechanism may help to curb the development of resistance to this agent.[A216178]Abametapir was first approved for use in the United States under the brand name Xeglyze on July 27, 2020.[L15163]		
DB11933	Riboprine	investigational	Ipa has been used in trials studying the treatment of Nausea and Surgical Site Infection.		
DB11934	Epelsiban	investigational	Epelsiban has been investigated for the treatment of Premature Ejaculation.		
DB11935	Flomoxef	investigational	Flomoxef has been used in trials studying the treatment of Urinary Tract Infection.		
DB11936	Bempedoic acid	approved,investigational	High levels of LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) are a major risk factor for cardiovascular events. Caused by genetic mutations or lifestyle factors, hypercholesterolemia can significantly reduce quality of life and increase the risk of mortality from cardiovascular disease.[L12153] About 1 in 4 patients, or 15 million Americans with elevated LDL-C, are insufficiently managed with maximally tolerated statin therapy alone, requiring additional treatment for hypercholesterolemia.[L12180]Bempedoic acid is first-in-class adenosine triphosphate-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor used once a day for reducing LDL cholesterol levels in statin-refractory patients.[L12144,L12147] It was developed by Esperion Therapeutics Inc. and approved by the FDA on February 21, 2020. A combination product of bempedoic acid and [ezetimibe] was approved on February 26, 2020 for increased control of LDL cholesterol levels in patients experiencing refractory elevations despite previous statin treatment.[L12144,L12150]		
DB11937	Kynurenic Acid	investigational	Kynurenic Acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02340325 (FS2 Safety and Tolerability Study in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB11938	Difelikefalin	investigational	Difelikefalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Pain and Postoperative Pain.		
DB11939	Henagliflozin	investigational	Henagliflozin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes.		
DB11940	Triapine	investigational	Triapine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lung Cancer, Kidney Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others.		
DB11941	Tasisulam	investigational	Tasisulam has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others.		
DB11942	Selinexor	approved,investigational	Selinexor is a first-in-class selective inhibitor of nuclear transport (SINE) compound. It is currently approved for the treatment of multiple myeloma, a cancer which forms from antibody-producing plasma cells.[L7117,L7120] This condition is typically treated with high dose [bortezomib] and dexamethasone chemotherapy followed by autologous stem-cell transplant. Other chemotherapies for multiple myeloma include [lenalidomide] and [dexamethasone], [thalidomide], and may include [melphalan] if the patient is not eligible for transplant.[L7123] Selinexor was approved by the FDA in June 2019. It was granted fast track and orphan designation as well as accelerated approval based on single arm, open label trial data. The Bortezomib, Selinexor, and Dexamethasone in Patients With Multiple Myeloma (BOSTON) trial is planned to finish in 2020.[L7126]		
DB11943	Delafloxacin	approved,investigational	Delafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Gonorrhea, Hepatic Impairment, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Skin Structure Infections, and Community Acquired Pneumonia, among others. It was approved in June 2017 under the trade name Baxdela for use in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections.		
DB11944	Ingavirin	investigational	Ingavirin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Influenza and Common Cold.		
DB11945	Avelumab	approved,investigational	Avelumab is a programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). It is a fully human anti-PD immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) lambda monoclonal antibody with antineoplastic actions. It was granted accelerated approval in March 2017 under the name Bavencio.		
DB11946	AZD-1981	investigational	AZD1981 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Asthma, Postmenopausal, Pharmakokinetic, Asthma Patients, and Drug Interaction, among others.		
DB11947	Pridopidine	investigational	Pridopidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Huntington's Disease.		
DB11948	Lapachone	investigational	Lapachone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Carcinoma, Advanced Solid Tumors, Head and Neck Neoplasms, and Carcinoma, Squamous Cell.		
DB11949	Vestipitant	investigational	Vestipitant has been investigated for the treatment of Tinnitus.		
DB11950	Teneligliptin	investigational	Teneligliptin has been investigated for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB11951	Lemborexant	approved,investigational	Lemborexant is a novel dual orexin receptor antagonist used in the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.[L10863] Recent research in the field of sleep disorders has revealed that insomnia is likely driven not by the inability of the brain to "switch on" sleep-related circuits, but rather an inability to "switch-off" wake-promoting circuits.[A189006,A189030] Whereas historically popular pharmacologic treatments for insomnia (e.g. [zopiclone], [zolpidem], benzodiazepines) focus on enhancing sleep drive via modulation of GABA and melatonin receptors, lemborexant and other orexin antagonists (e.g. [suvorexant]) act to counteract inappropriate wakefulness.[A189006] This novel mechanism of action offers potential advantages over classic hypnotic agents, including a more favorable adverse effect profile and potentially greater efficacy, and may signal the beginning of a new wave of treatment options for patients suffering from insomnia.[A189006]		
DB11952	Duvelisib	approved,investigational	Duvelisib, also known as IPI-145 and INK-1197, is a small-molecule inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3 kinases that was designed initially to prove that simultaneous inhibition of the isoforms delta and gamma can produce a broad adaptative and innate immune cell inhibitory activity. All the work around duvelisib showed that this agent is a potent inhibitor of both forms.[A39025] Duvelisib was developed by Verastem, Inc and FDA approved on September 24, 2018.[L4585]		
DB11953	PF-04447943	investigational	PF-04447943 has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11954	Lomibuvir	investigational	Lomibuvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C Virus and Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection.		
DB11955	Avotermin	investigational	Juvista has been investigated for the treatment, prevention, and basic science of Scars, Keloid, and Cicatrix.		
DB11956	Delanzomib	investigational	Delanzomib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, and Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin.		
DB11957	Idalopirdine	investigational	Idalopirdine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cognition, Schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11958	Brivanib	investigational	Brivanib is under investigation for the treatment of HepatoCellular Carcinoma. Brivanib has been investigated for the treatment of Solid Tumors, Hepato Cellular Carcinoma (HCC), and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (MCRC).		
DB11959	Crenezumab	investigational	Crenezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB11960	Carboxyamidotriazole	investigational	Carboxyamidotriazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Kidney Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others.		
DB11961	AZD-1236	investigational	AZD1236 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Cystic Fibrosis and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB11962	GSK-1059615	investigational	GSK1059615 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumours, Endometrial Cancer, Solid Tumor Cancer, and Metastatic Breast Cancer.		
DB11963	Dacomitinib	approved,investigational	Dacomitinib, designed as (2E)-N-16-4-(piperidin-1-yl) but-2-enamide, is an oral highly selective quinazalone part of the second-generation tyrosine kinase inhibitors which are characterized by the irreversible binding at the ATP domain of the epidermal growth factor receptor family kinase domains.[A40009]Dacomitinib was developed by Pfizer Inc and approved by the FDA on September 27, 2018.[L4810] Some evidence in the literature suggests the therapeutic potential of dacomitinib in the epithelial ovarian cancer model[A39624], although further investigations are needed.		
DB11964	Ilaprazole	investigational	Ilaprazole has been investigated in Helicobacter Infections.		
DB11965	SJG-136	investigational	SJG-136 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Recurrent Fallopian Tube Cancer, Secondary Acute Myeloid Leukemia, de Novo Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Recurrent Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, and Secondary Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others.		
DB11966	BMS-986094	investigational	INX-08189 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, HCV (Genotype 1), and Hepatitis C Virus.		
DB11967	Binimetinib	approved,investigational	Binimetinib, also known as _Mektovi_, is a potent is a potent and selective oral mitogen-activated protein kinase 1/2   (MEK 1/2) inhibitor which is combined with [Encorafenib] [A34275],[L3335].On June 27, 2018, the Food and Drug Administration approved the combination of [Encorafenib] and binimetinib (BRAFTOVI and MEKTOVI, from Array BioPharma Inc.) in combination for patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with the BRAF V600E or V600K mutations, as detected by an FDA-approved test [L3335].		
DB11968	MK-7145	investigational	MK-7145 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension and Renal Insufficiency.		
DB11969	Uprosertib	investigational	Uprosertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Solid Tumours, Cervical Cancer, and HER2/Neu Negative, among others.		
DB11970	Burixafor	investigational	Burixafor has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin's Disease, and Non-hodgkin's Lymphoma.		
DB11971	Vilaprisan	investigational	Vilaprisan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leiomyoma and Clinical Trial, Phase I.		
DB11972	Rilotumumab	investigational	Rilotumumab has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Lung Cancer, Solid Tumors, Gastric Cancer, and Prostate Cancer, among others.		
DB11973	Tesevatinib	investigational	Tesevatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Brain Metastases, Esophageal Cancer, and Leptomeningeal Metastases, among others.Tesevatinib is a potent inhibitor of multiple RTKs implicated in driving tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization (blood vessel formation). Tesevatinib inhibits the EGF, HER2, and VEGF RTKs, each of which is a target of currently approved cancer therapies. In addition, tesevatinib inhibits EphB4, an RTK that is highly expressed in many human tumors and plays a role in promoting angiogenesis. In a broad array of preclinical tumor models including breast, lung, colon and prostate cancer, XL647 demonstrated potent inhibition of tumor growth and causes tumor regression. In cell culture models, tesevatinib retains significant potency against mutant EGFRs that are resistant to current EGFR inhibitors.		
DB11974	PF-04691502	investigational	PF-04691502 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, Early Breast Cancer (Phase 2), and Advanced Breast Cancer (Phase 1b).		
DB11975	TAK-448	investigational	TAK-448 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Low Testosterone, Prostatic Neoplasms, and Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism.		
DB11976	Anifrolumab	investigational	Anifrolumab has been investigated for the treatment of Scleroderma.		
DB11977	Golvatinib	investigational	Golvatinib has been investigated for the treatment of Platinum-Resistant Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck.		
DB11978	Glasdegib	approved,investigational	Glasdegib, also known as PF-04449913, is a small-molecule hedgehog signaling inhibitor selected under the group of the benzimidazoles. In early research, benzimidazoles attracted large interest as they represented a class of inhibitors with a low molecular weight, potent inhibitory activity and lacking unstable functionality. The great lipophilicity of this group of compounds brought interest to further modification. This analysis concluded that the presence of p-cyano ureas presented good physicochemical and pharmacokinetic properties from which glasdegib was developed.[A40310] Glasdegib was developed by Pfizer Inc and approved on November 21, 2018, by the FDA for the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.[L11935]		
DB11979	Elagolix	approved,investigational	Elagolix has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Endometriosis, Folliculogenesis, Uterine Fibroids, Heavy Uterine Bleeding, and Heavy Menstrual Bleeding. As of 24 July 2018, however, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved AbbVie's elagolix under the brand name Orilissa as the first and only oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist specifically developed for women with moderate to severe endometriosis pain [F815].It has been determined that endometriosis is one of the most common gynecologic disorders in the United States [A35868, A35869, F801]. In particular, estimates suggest that one in ten women of reproductive age is affected by endometriosis and experience debilitating pain symptoms [A35868, A35869, F801]. Moreover, women who are affected by this condition can suffer for up to six to ten years and visit multiple physicians before receiving a proper diagnosis [A35868, A35869, F801]. Subsequently, as Orilissa (elagolix) was approved by the FDA under priority review [F815], this expedited new approval gives healthcare professionals another valuable option for treating the potentially unmet needs of women who are affected by endometriosis, depending on their specific type and severity of endometriosis pain.		
DB11980	Carbon Black	investigational	Carbon Black has been used in trials studying Atopic Hypersensitivity and Hypersensitivity, Immediate.		
DB11981	Elamipretide	investigational	Elamipretide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy.		
DB11982	GDC-0623	investigational	GDC-0623 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Cancers.		
DB11983	Placulumab	investigational	Placulumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB11984	Letaxaban	investigational	Letaxaban has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Venous Thromboembolism and Acute Coronary Syndrome.		
DB11985	Dapaconazole	investigational	Dapaconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis.		
DB11986	Entrectinib	approved,investigational	Entrectinib is a tropomyosin receptor tyrosine kinase (TRK) TRKA, TRKB, TRKC, proto-oncogene tyrosine-protein kinase ROS1, and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor.[L8081] It was approved by the FDA in August 2019 for use in the treatment of ROS1-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer and NTRK gene fusion positive solid tumors.[L8207] Entrectinib's approved use is meant as a last line of therapy due to its accelerated approval based on early trial data. This therapy offers benefit over similar ALK inhibitors such as [alectinib], [ceritinib], and [lorlatinib] due to a wider range of targets.[A183929]		
DB11987	GSK-2018682	investigational	GSK2018682 has been investigated for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.		
DB11988	Ocrelizumab	approved,investigational	Ocrelizumab is a CD20-directed cytolytic antibody indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsing or primary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis. It is a second-generation recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively targets the B lymphocytes that express the CD20 antigen. As a humanized molecule, ocrelizumab is expected to be less immunogenic with repeated infusions which improves the benefit-to-risk profile for patients with relapsing or progressive forms of MS. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory, autoimmune disease of the central nervous system that leads to neurological disabilities and significantly reduced quality of life [L1199]. Most patients with MS experience episodes of relapses with worsening function, followed by recovery periods, or remissions. Primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS) accounts for 10-15% of the overall population of patients with MS, and involves gradual worsening of neurologic disability from symptom onset, often without early relapses or remissions [A31741].Developed by Genentech/Roche, ocrelizumab was approved by the FDA in March 2017 under the market name Ocrevustm for intravenous injection. It was later approved by Health Canada (as Ocrevus) in August 2017, making the drug the first available treatment for PPMS in both U.S. and Canada. In clinical trials of patients with relapsing forms of MS, treatment with ocrelizumab resulted in reduced relapse rates and reduced worsening of disability compared to interferon beta-1a [L1199]. In phase 3 clinical trials of patients with PPMS, treatment with ocrelizumab demonstrated lower rates of clinical and MRI progression than placebo [A31741].		
DB11989	Benznidazole	approved,investigational	Benznidazole was granted accelerated approval for the treatment of Chagas disease in children 2-12 years of age by the FDA on August 29, 2017 [L939]. It is the first treatment made available in the United States for Chagas disease.		
DB11990	MK-0812	investigational	MK0812 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis.		
DB11991	Oprozomib	investigational	Oprozomib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia, Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Advanced Non-Central Nervous System (CNS) Malignancies.		
DB11992	Omarigliptin	investigational	Omarigliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Renal Insufficiency.		
DB11993	PF-03463275	investigational	PF-03463275 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia and Cognitive Impairments Associated With Schizophrenia.		
DB11994	Diacerein	approved,investigational	Diacerein is a prodrug which is metabolized to rhein. It is currently approved in France for the treatment of osteoarthritis although the use of diacerein is restricted due to the side effects including sevre diarrhea [L780]. Diacerein is under investigation for the treatment of Insulin Resistance, Diabetes Mellitus (Type 2), and Diabetes-Related Complications.		
DB11995	Avatrombopag	approved,investigational	Avatrombopag (_Doptelet_), is an orally administered, small-molecule thrombopoietin receptor (c-Mpl) agonist which increases platelet number, but not platelet activation [A33097], [L2824].  This decreases the need for blood transfusions [L2824]. Patients with thrombocytopenia and chronic liver disease (leading to thrombocytopenia) often require platelet transfusions before surgical procedures to decrease the risk of bleeding [A33095]. Thrombocytopenia (or decreased numbers of platelets) is a common complication in patients suffering from chronic liver disease, either as an immediate result of liver disease or a consequence of interferon-based antiviral therapy [F95].  Avatrombopag was approved by the FDA on May 21, 2018 for thrombocytopenia (low platelets) in adults with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo a procedure [L2931]. It is administered orally as _avatrombopag maleate_, its salt form [L2927].  _Doptelet_ (Avatrombopag) is the first orally administered treatment option for patients with chronic liver disease,  allowing a large population of patients to avoid a platelet transfusion before a procedure by increasing platelet counts to the optimal level of greater or equal to 50,000 per microliter [L2932].		
DB11996	Thymopentin	investigational	Thymopentin has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of HIV Infections and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.		
DB11997	Interleukin-7	investigational	Interleukin 7 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer.		
DB11998	Sorivudine	investigational	Sorivudine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chickenpox and HIV Infections.		
DB11999	Vosaroxin	investigational	Vosaroxin is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute.		
DB12000	Apabetalone	investigational	Apabetalone has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes, Atherosclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.		
DB12001	Abemaciclib	approved,investigational	Abemaciclib is an antitumor agent and dual inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6) that are involved in the cell cycle and promotion of cancer cell growth in case of unregulated activity. On September 28, 2017, FDA granted approval of abemaciclib treatment under the market name Verzenio for the treatment of HR-positive and HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after unsuccessful endocrine therapy. It is either given alone in patients who has undergone endocrine therapy and chemotherapy after the metastasis of cancer, or in combination with [DB00947]. Following oral treatment in patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer, abemaciclib demonstrated increased progression-free survival rates and objective response rates. Abemaciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of melanoma, lymphoma, neoplasm, solid tumor, and glioblastoma.		
DB12002	AZD-4818	investigational	AZD4818 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).		
DB12003	Thymosin beta-4	investigational	Thymosin Beta 4 has been investigated for the treatment of STEMI, Dry Eye, Diabetes, Pressure Ulcers, and Dry Eye Syndrome, among others.		
DB12004	Briciclib	investigational	Briciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumor, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia.		
DB12005	Nirogacestat	investigational	Nirogacestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, HIV Infection, Desmoid Tumors, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Aggressive Fibromatosis, among others.		
DB12006	BMS-906024	investigational	BMS-906024 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoblastic Leukemia, Acute T-cell, and Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Lymphoma.		
DB12007	Isoflavone	experimental	Isoflavone is a soy phytoestrogen and a biologically active component of several agriculturally important legumes such as soy, peanut, green peas, chick peas and alfalfa [A33103]. Soybean is an exceptionally rich source of dietary isoflavones, where the average isoflavone content is 1-2 mg/gram [A33103]. The main soy isoflavones are mostly present in glycosylated forms and include [DB01645], [DB13182], and glycitein, which accounts for approximately 50%, 40%, and 10%, respectively, of the total soybean isoflavone content [A33098]. The clinical benefits of soy proteins have been studied and demonstrated for many years, with some evidence of soy products associated with a reduced incidences of coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, type II diabetes mellitus, and breast and prostate cancer [A33099]. While existing data are consistent or inadequate in supporting most of the suggested health benefits of consuming soy proteins and isoflavones [A33099], the trials investigating isoflavone as a potential treatment for atrophy, menopause, and postmenopausal symptoms are ongoing. Isoflavone is found as one of constituents in oral over-the-counter dietary supplements indicated for improved bone mass density and body fat regulation.		
DB12008	Prexasertib	investigational	Prexasertib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of mCRPC, Leukemia, Neoplasm, BREAST CANCER, and Ovarian Cancer, among others.		
DB12009	GW-406381	investigational	GW-406381 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Trauma, Neurodynia, Dental Pain, and Hyperalgesia, among others.		
DB12010	Fostamatinib	approved,investigational	Fostamatinib has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP). It was approved on April 17, 2018 under the trade name Tavalisse for use in ITP [L2644,FDA Label]. Fostamatinib has also been granted orphan drug status by the FDA [L2644].		
DB12011	Fevipiprant	investigational	Fevipiprant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Atopic Dermatitis, and Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB12012	PF-04457845	investigational	PF-04457845 is under investigation in Fear Conditioning. PF-04457845 has been investigated for the treatment of Tourette Syndrome and Cannabis Dependence.		
DB12013	Axelopran	investigational	Axelopran has been used in trials studying the treatment of OIC and Opioid-induced Constipation.		
DB12014	Ozoralizumab	investigational	Ozoralizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Active Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12015	Alpelisib	approved,investigational	Alpelisib is a phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor with potent antitumor activity. It works by selectively inhibiting class I PI3K p110α [A179203], which is the catalytic subunit of PI3K, a lipid kinase that plays a role in various biological processes, including proliferation, survival, differentiation, and metabolism. Alpelisib was designed to target this enzyme that appears to be mutated at a rate of nearly 30% in human cancers, leading to hyperactivation.[A179209] There are several isoform-specific PI3K inhibitors that are under clinical development or currently approved, such as [idelalisib] used for chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL).[A179209] Approved by the FDA in May 2019, alpelisib is the first approved PI3K inhibitor indicated for the treatment of hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative, PIK3CA-mutated, advanced or metastatic breast cancer in combination with [fulvestrant] for postmenopausal women and male patients. To initiate alpelisib therapy, it is required that the presence of a PIK3CA mutation in the tissue and/or liquid biopsy sample collection should be confirmed via FDA-approved diagnostic tests. Alpelisib is marketed under the trade name Piqray and is available as oral tablets. Studies evaluating the therapeutic effectiveness of alpelisib in other cancers, such as ovarian cancer [A179200] and colorectal cancer [A179203], are under ongoing investigations.Alpelisib was granted FDA approval on 24 May 2019.[L6652]		
DB12016	Ponesimod	investigational	Ponesimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psoriasis, Chronic GVHD, Pharmacokinetics, Plaque Psoriasis, and Multiple sclerosis, among others.		
DB12017	Ozagrel	investigational	Ozagrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dry Eye Syndromes.		
DB12018	Ulocuplumab	investigational	Ulocuplumab is under investigation in Solid Tumor.		
DB12019	Tesetaxel	investigational	Tesetaxel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Prostate Cancer, Gastric Carcinoma, and Advanced Melanoma, among others.		
DB12020	Tecovirimat	approved,investigational	The World Health Organization declared smallpox, a contagious and sometimes fatal infectious disease, eradicated in 1980. However, there have been longstanding concerns that smallpox may be used as a bioweapon [L3614].Also known as _ST-246_, Tecovirimat is the first approved drug for smallpox [L3626], [L3614].Tecovirimat has been studied for the treatment of smallpox, monkeypox, orthopoxvirus, and orthopoxviral Disease. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved tecovirimat (as TPOXX) on July 13, 2018 for the treatment of smallpox [L3614].		
DB12021	Dinaciclib	investigational	Dinaciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of rrMM, rrCLL, rrDLBCL, Solid Tumors, and Solid Neoplasm, among others.		
DB12022	Evatanepag	investigational	Evatanepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tibial Fractures.		
DB12023	Benralizumab	approved,investigational	Benralizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody of the isotype IgG1k immunoglobulin that specifically binds to the alpha chain of the interleukin 5 receptor (IL-5R) expressed on eosinophils and basophils.[A31294] It inhibits the binding of IL-5 as well as the hetero-oligomerization of the alpha and beta subunits of the IL-5R, thus blocking, signal transduction. Besides, it is an afucosylated IgG which gives it high affinity for the FcγRIIIα receptor in natural killer cells, macrophages and neutrophils.[A31293] Benralizumab, FDA approved on November 14, 2017, was developed by MedImmune, the AstraZeneca's global biologic research and development arm.[L1019]		
DB12024	PF-04418948	investigational	Pf 04418948 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01002963 (A Study To Investigate The Safety And Toleration Of A Single Dose Of PF-04418948 In Healthy Volunteers).		
DB12025	Triptolide	investigational	Triptolide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Crohn's Disease, Intestinal Diseases, Gastrointestinal Diseases, and Digestive System Diseases, among others.		
DB12026	Voxilaprevir	approved,investigational	Voxilaprevir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [L852]. Voxilaprevir exerts its antiviral action by reversibly binding and inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [A19643]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, voxilaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as voxilaprevir. Voxilaprevir has been available since July 2017 in a fixed dose combination product with [sofosbuvir] and [velpatasvir] as the commercially available product Vosevi. Vosevi is approved for the treatment of adult patients with chronic HCV infection with genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection [FDA Label]. Notably, Vosevi is approved for use in patients with genotypes 1-6 who have been previously treated with an NS5A inhibitor, or patients with genotypes 1a or 3 infection and have previously been treated with an HCV regimen containing sofosbuvir without an NS5A inhibitor [L935]. Prior to Vosevi, there were no approved retreatment options for patients who have previously received, and failed, a regimen containing an NS5A inhibitor for treatment of chronic HCV infection.		
DB12027	Serdemetan	investigational	Serdemetan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12028	Broxuridine	investigational	Broxuridine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Stage I Prostate Cancer, Stage IIB Prostate Cancer, and Stage IIA Prostate Cancer.		
DB12029	Chlorogenic Acid	investigational	Chlorogenic Acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Cancer and Impaired Glucose Tolerance.		
DB12030	Fluorescein lisicol	investigational	Fluorescein lisicol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Pharmacokinetics, Hepatic Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, Viral, Human, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.		
DB12031	Ammonio methacrylate copolymer type A	investigational	Ammonio methacrylate copolymer type a has been used in trials studying the treatment of GERD.		
DB12032	Atagabalin	investigational	Atagabalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Insomnia, Primary Insomnia, and Nonrestorative Sleep.		
DB12034	Gantenerumab	investigational	Gantenerumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.		
DB12035	Sarecycline	approved,investigational	Sarecycline is a semi-synthetic derivative of tetracycline that was initially discovered by Paratek Pharmaceuticals from Boston, MA but then licensed to Warner Chilcott of Rockaway, NJ in July of 2007 [A40005]. After completing various phase-II and phase-III trials demonstrating its effectiveness in treating moderate to severe facial acne vulgaris [A39993, A39994] the US Food and Drug Administration approved Barcelona based Almirall, S.A.'s Seysara (sarecylcine) as a new first in class narrow spectrum tetracycline derived oral antibiotic for the treatment of inflammatory lesions of non-nodular moderate to severe acne vulgaris in patients nine years of age and older [L4814]. Seysara (sarecycline) was originally part of Allergan's US Medical Dermatology portfolio, before Almirall acquired the portfolio in the second half of 2018 as a means of consolidating and reinforcing the dermatology-focused pharmaceutical company's presence in the United States [L4815].Acne vulgaris itself is a common chronic skin condition associated with the blockage and/or inflammation of hair follicles and their accompanying sebaceous glands [L4814]. The acne often presents physically as a mixture of non-inflammatory and inflammatory lesions mainly on the face but on the back and chest as well [L4814]. Based upon data from Global Burden of Disease studies, the acne vulgaris condition affects up to 85% of young adults aged 12 to 25 years globally - with the possibility of permanent physical and mental scarring resulting from cases of severe acne [L4814].Subsequently, while a number of first line tetracycline therapies like doxycycline and minocycline do exist for treating acne vulgaris, sarecycline presents a new and innovative therapy choice because it exhibits the necessary antibacterial activity against relevant pathogens that cause acne vulgaris but also possesses a low propensity for resistance development in such pathogens and a narrower, more specific spectrum of antibacterial activity, resulting in fewer off-target antibacterial effects on endogenous intestinal flora and consequently fewer resultant adverse effects associated with diarrhea, fungal overgrowth, etc.		
DB12036	Naquotinib	investigational	Naquotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Mutations, and Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutations, among others.		
DB12037	Vedroprevir	investigational	Vedroprevir has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12038	Ulinastatin	investigational	Ulinastatin has been investigated for the prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Adverse Reaction to Drug.		
DB12039	Epicatechin	investigational	Epicatechin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pre-diabetes.		
DB12040	2-octyl cyanoacrylate	investigational	Dermabond has been investigated for the basic science of Wound Healing.		
DB12041	Mapracorat	investigational	Mapracorat has been investigated for the treatment of Eczema and Atopic Dermatitis.		
DB12042	Ibodutant	investigational	Ibodutant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Diarrhea.		
DB12043	Sepetaprost	investigational	Sepetaprost has been used in trials studying the treatment of Open Angle-glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Mild Open Angle-glaucoma (OAG).		
DB12044	MK-0893	investigational	MK0893 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12045	Mericitabine	investigational	Mericitabine has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic. Mericitabine is a polymerase inhibitor being developed for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. Mericitabine is a prodrug of PSI-6130, which demonstrated excellent potency in preclinical studies. PSI-6130 is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog inhibitor of HCV RNA polymerase, an enzyme that is necessary for hepatitis C viral replication.		
DB12046	Atopaxar	investigational	Atopaxar has been investigated for the treatment of Coronary Artery Disease and Acute Coronary Syndrome.		
DB12047	Ganetespib	investigational	Ganetespib is under investigation for the treatment of BREAST CANCER, Small Cell Lung Cancer, Acute Myeloid Leukaemia, and Myelodysplastic Syndrome.		
DB12048	Savolitinib	investigational	Savolitinib has been used in trials studying the treatment and health services research of Tumor, Food Effect, Gastric Cancer, Health Subjects, and Colorectal Cancer, among others.		
DB12049	Dasolampanel etibutil	investigational	Dasolampanel etibutil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful.		
DB12050	LY-3039478	investigational	LY3039478 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of LYMPHOMA, Neoplasms, Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, and BREAST CANCER, among others.		
DB12051	Setrobuvir	investigational	Setrobuvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12052	Icariin	investigational	Icariin has been investigated for the basic science of the Pharmacokinetic Profile of Icariin in Humans.		
DB12053	Visilizumab	investigational	Visilizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Ulcerative Colitis.		
DB12054	BQ-123	investigational	BQ-123 has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Coronary Artery Disease, Aorto-coronary Bypass Grafting, and ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.		
DB12055	MK-0767	investigational	MK0767 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dyslipidemia, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type II, among others.		
DB12056	Trebananib	investigational	Trebananib is under investigation for the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Peritoneal Cancer, and Fallopian Tube Cancer. Trebananib has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Oncology, Carcinoma, Metastases, and Colon Cancer, among others.		
DB12057	ORM-12741	investigational	ORM-12741 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12058	Recoflavone	investigational	Recoflavone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Gastritis, Dry Eye Syndrome, and Chronic Gastritis.		
DB12059	JNJ-40411813	investigational	JNJ-40411813 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Confusion, Schizophrenia, Perceptual Disorders, and Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12060	RRx-001	investigational	RRx-001 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphomas, Brain Metastases, Cholangiocarcinoma, Colorectal Neoplasms, and Malignant Solid Tumor, among others.		
DB12061	Pardoprunox	investigational	Pardoprunox has been used in trials studying the treatment of Early Stage Parkinson's Disease and Advanced Stage Parkinson's Disease. Pardoprunox is a partial dopamine D2 agonist and noradrenergic agonist with serotonin 5-HT1A agonist properties.		
DB12062	Volasertib	investigational	Volasertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Neoplasms, Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute, Myelodysplastic Syndromes, and Leukemia, Monocytic, Acute, among others.		
DB12063	CERC-301	investigational	Mk 0657 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12064	BMS-777607	investigational	BMS-777607 has been investigated for the basic science of Malignant Solid Tumour.		
DB12065	Radalbuvir	investigational	Radalbuvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C, Chronic HCV Infection, and Chronic Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB12066	Orteronel	investigational	Orteronel has been investigated for the treatment of Prostate Cancer.		
DB12067	BMS-394136	investigational	BMS-394136 has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Heart Diseases.		
DB12068	T-900607	investigational	T900607 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Liver Cancer and Gastric Cancer.		
DB12069	Sovaprevir	investigational	Sovaprevir has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12070	Letermovir	approved,investigational	Letermovir recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients [L1021]. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors [A31290]. Letermovir has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis [L1021].		
DB12071	Vabicaserin	investigational	Vabicaserin has been used in trials studying the health services research and treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12072	Orantinib	investigational	Orantinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Kidney Cancer, Gastric Cancer, and Prostate Cancer, among others.		
DB12073	Albaconazole	investigational	Albaconazole has been used in trials studying the basic science of Onychomycosis.		
DB12074	Censavudine	investigational	Censavudine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection.		
DB12075	Nagrestipen	investigational	Nagrestipen has been used in trials studying the treatment of CANCER, Neoplasm, Metastasis, Radiation Oncology, and Neoplasm Metastasis.		
DB12076	Surotomycin	investigational	Surotomycin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diarrhea and Clostridium Difficile Infection.		
DB12077	Urelumab	investigational	Urelumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Multiple Myeloma, Malignant Tumors, and Cancer - Solid Tumors and B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Urelumab is a fully human antibody that targets CD137. The antibody product was developed using Medarex's UltiMAb(R) technology and was the first UltiMAb- derived antibody in clinical development by Bristol-Myers Squibb under the December 2003 agreement with Medarex.		
DB12078	Enobosarm	investigational	Enobosarm has been used in trials studying the treatment of Stress Urinary Incontinence and Triple Negative Breast Cancer.		
DB12079	Gefarnate	investigational	Gefarnate has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Stomach Ulcer, Duodenal Ulcer, and Cardio-cerebrovascular Disease.		
DB12080	Ritobegron	investigational	Ritobegron is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02256735 (Study to Investigate the Effect of KUC 7483 CL on the QT/QTc Interval of the ECG in Comparison to Placebo and Moxifloxacin in Healthy Male and Female Volunteers).		
DB12081	Anecortave	investigational	Anecortave is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00691717 (Anecortave Acetate Safety in Patients With Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).		
DB12082	Vesnarinone	investigational	Vesnarinone has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Sarcoma, Kaposi.		
DB12083	Mafosfamide	investigational	Mafosfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Leukemia, Meningeal Neoplasm, and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB12084	ADP-597	investigational	JNJ-38431055 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12085	LCL-161	investigational	LCL161 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Neoplasms, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others.		
DB12086	Oxitropium	investigational	Oxitropium has been investigated for the treatment of Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12087	Vanillyl alcohol	investigational	Vanillyl alcohol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Smoking.		
DB12088	TT-232	investigational	Tln 232 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00422786 (Phase II Study of CAP-232 in Patients With Refractory Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB12089	Lorvotuzumab mertansine	investigational	Lorvotuzumab mertansine has been used in trials studying the treatment of SCLC, Leukemia, Ovarian Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Merkel Cell Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12090	Patritumab	investigational	Patritumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of LUNG CANCER, Solid Tumors, Neoplasms by Site, Head and Neck Neoplasms, and Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, among others.		
DB12091	Gadolinium	approved,investigational	Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.		
DB12092	Naftopidil	investigational	Naftopidil has been investigated for the treatment of Disorder of Urinary Stent.		
DB12093	Tetrahydropalmatine	investigational	Tetrahydropalmatine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02118610 (Treatment of Schizophrenia With L-tetrahydropalmatine (l-THP): a Novel Dopamine Antagonist With Anti-inflammatory and Antiprotozoal Activity).		
DB12094	Semapimod	investigational	Semapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Crohn Disease.		
DB12095	Telotristat ethyl	approved,investigational	Telotristat only approved oral therapy for carcinoid syndrome diarrhea. Telotristat was approved by the FDA in March, 2017 as Xermelo.		
DB12096	PF-05175157	investigational	PF-05175157 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Acne Vulgaris, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitus Type 2, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, among others.		
DB12097	Mannitol busulfan	approved,investigational	Mm has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cocaine Dependence and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12098	L-Baclofen	investigational	L-Baclofen has been used in trials studying the treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia.		
DB12099	UK-396,082	investigational	UK-396,082 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Safety, Phase 1, Toleration, Multiple Dose, and Pharmacokinetic.		
DB12100	Abediterol	investigational	Abediterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and Asthma.		
DB12101	CC-220	investigational	CC-220 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.		
DB12102	Fulranumab	investigational	Fulranumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Cystitis, Neuralgia, Joint Pain, and Arthralgia, among others.		
DB12104	Tarextumab	investigational	Tarextumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Stage IV Pancreatic Cancer, and Stage IV Small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12105	Imagabalin	investigational	Imagabalin has been investigated in Generalized Anxiety Disorder.		
DB12106	PF-06305591	investigational	Pf 06305591 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01776619 (Safety and Tolerability Study of Multiple Doses of PF-06305591).		
DB12107	Vaborbactam	approved,investigational	Vaborbactam is a β-lactamase inhibitor based on a cyclic boronic acid pharmacophore.[A32053] It has been used in trials investigating the treatment of bacterial infections in subjects with varying degrees of renal insufficiency. In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name Vabomere was approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of vaborbactam and [Meropenem] for intravenous administration. Vaborbactam is added to the therapy to reduce the extent meropenem degradation by inhibiting the serine beta-lactamases expressed by the microorganism of target.[Label] The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms of cUTI and achieve negative urine culture, when the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.		
DB12108	Taselisib	investigational	Taselisib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of LYMPHOMA, Breast Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Solid Neoplasm, and HER2/Neu Negative, among others.		
DB12109	CPI-613	investigational	CPI-613 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Advanced Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others.		
DB12110	m-Chlorophenylpiperazine	investigational	m-Chlorophenylpiperazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism.		
DB12111	MK-212	investigational	MK-212 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism.		
DB12112	Zuretinol acetate	investigational	Zuretinol acetate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Impaired Dark Adaptation, RP (Retinitis Pigmentosa), Retinitis Pigmentosa (RP), and LCA (Leber Congenital Amaurosis).		
DB12113	CE-224535	investigational	CE-224535 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis.		
DB12114	Poziotinib	investigational	Poziotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Increased Drug Resistance, Adenocarcinoma of Lung Stage IV, and Adenocarcinoma of Lung Stage IIIB, among others.		
DB12115	AZD-9164	investigational	AZD9164 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12116	Epigallocatechin gallate	investigational	Epigallocatechin gallate has been investigated for the treatment of Hypertension and Diabetic Nephropathy.		
DB12117	Mitometh	investigational	Mitometh is under investigation for the treatment of Adenocarcinoma, Oropharyngeal Neoplasms, Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Stage IV Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, among others. Mitometh has been investigated for the treatment of Lung Neoplasms, Untreated Childhood Medulloblastoma, and Untreated Childhood Supratentorial Primitive Neuroectodermal Tumor.		
DB12118	Sotatercept	investigational	Sotatercept has been used in trials studying the supportive care and treatment of Anemia, Leukemia, Solid Tumors, Bladder Cancer, and multiple myeloma, among others.		
DB12119	Gevokizumab	investigational	Gevokizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris, Osteoarthritis, Behcet's Uveitis, Pyoderma Gangrenosum, and Behcet's Disease Uveitis, among others. Gevokizumab acts as a modulator of cytokine imbalance in IL-1 mediated disease states. It has a very high binding affinity of 300fM and blocks the activation of IL-1 receptors.		
DB12120	Avoralstat	investigational	Avoralstat has been used in trials studying the prevention of HAE and Hereditary Angioedema.		
DB12121	Entospletinib	investigational	Entospletinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oncology, Follicular Lymphoma, B-cell Malignancies, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, and Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.		
DB12122	Figopitant	investigational	Figopitant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02209714 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacodynamics After Oral Administration of BIIF 1149 BS in Healthy Male Volunteers).		
DB12123	Cinepazide	investigational	Cinepazide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ischemic Stroke.		
DB12124	Namitecan	investigational	Namitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB12125	Dianicline	investigational	Dianicline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Smoking, Smoking Cessation, and Tobacco Use Cessation.		
DB12126	Bradykinin	investigational	Bradykinin has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Hypertension and Diabetes Type 2.		
DB12127	Sultamicillin	approved,investigational	Sultamicillin has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Ventilator Associated Pneumonia and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).		
DB12128	Ulimorelin	investigational	Ulimorelin is a novel small molecule ghrelin agonist being developed by Tranzyme Pharma as a first-in-class treatment for both POI and diabetic gastroparesis, serious medical conditions in which motility of the GI tract is severely impaired.		
DB12129	Tideglusib	investigational,withdrawn	Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[A31601] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.		
DB12130	Lorlatinib	approved,investigational	Lorlatinib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and ROS1-positive NSCLC. Despite initial responses from the use of various ALK inhibitors, however, it is virtually almost guaranteed that all patients with the condition in question will develop tumour progression or resistance to the current therapy in use [A40086].Considered a third-generation ALK tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) for patients with ALK-positive metastatic NSCLC, lorlatinib's most optimal place in the treatment sequence of this condition has most recently been identified with its latest approval by the US FDA in November of 2018 for the indication of treating those patients' disease which has progressed even after the use of first and second-generation TKIs like crizotinib, alectinib, or ceritinib [L4848, FDA Label]. Loratinib's ability to move past the blood-brain barrier facilitates its ability to treat progressive or worsening brain metastases as well [L4848, A40078].		
DB12131	Vinpocetine	investigational	Vinpocetine has been investigated for the treatment of Epilepsy.		
DB12132	Vanutide cridificar	investigational	Vanutide cridificar has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12133	BLXA4	investigational	BLXA4 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gingival Inflammation.		
DB12134	Gepotidacin	investigational	Gepotidacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gonorrhea, Infections, Bacterial, and Infections, Respiratory Tract.		
DB12135	Elubrixin	investigational	Elubrixin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cystic Fibrosis, Colitis, Ulcerative, and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).		
DB12136	Solnatide	investigational	Solnatide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Lung Injury.		
DB12137	GSK-256066	investigational	Gsk256066 has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of SAR, Asthma, Mild Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, and Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis, among others.		
DB12138	PF-03715455	investigational	PF-03715455 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive, and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).		
DB12139	Alisporivir	investigational	Alisporivir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C and Chronic Hepatitis C.		
DB12140	Dilmapimod	investigational	Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}		
DB12141	Gilteritinib	approved,investigational	Gilteritinib, also known as ASP2215, is a small molecule part of the FLT3 tyrosine kinase inhibitors that presented a greater selectivity and potency when compared with other agents from this group.[A40036] It is a pyrazinecarboxamide derivative that showed high selectivity to FLT3 preventing the c-Kit -driven myelosuppression observed in other therapies.[A40044] Gilteritinib was developed by Astellas Pharma and FDA approved on November 28, 2018. This drug was approved after being designed as an orphan drug with a fast track and priority review status.[L4830]		
DB12142	Duligotuzumab	investigational	Duligotuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Colorectal Cancer, Head and Neck Cancer, and Epithelial Tumors, Malignant.		
DB12143	Rezatomidine	investigational	Rezatomidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibromyalgia, Cystitis, Interstitial, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, and Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful.		
DB12144	BMS-275183	investigational	BMS-275183 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tumors and Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12145	AZD-0328	investigational	AZD0328 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Schizophrenia and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12146	Rigosertib	investigational	Rigosertib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of MDS, RAEB, Cancer, Hepatoma, and Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12147	Erdafitinib	approved,investigational	In early April of 2019, the US FDA approved Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies' brand name Balversa (erdafitinib) as the first-ever fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) kinase inhibitor indicated for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, with susceptible FGFR3 or FGFR2 genetic alterations, that has progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, including within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant platinum-containing chemotherapy [L5956, L5959]. At the same time, the FDA also approved the therascreen FGFR RGQ RT-PCR Kit (Qiagen) for utilization as a companion diagnostic with erdafitinib for selecting patients for the indicated therapy [L5956, L5959].Erdafitinib's innovation lies in the fact that it is the first personalized treatment targeting susceptible FGFR genetic alterations for patients with metastatic bladder cancer, which demonstrates the design of erdafitinib in developing more personalized and precision medicines with the capacity to target cancer treatment to a patient's specific genetic mutation [L5956, L5959]. Considering urothelial cancer is statistically the fourth most common kind of cancer in the world [F4372], the introduction of erdafitinib offers a welcome new option in the ever-expanding therapeutic tool kit to treat such prevalent medical conditions.Nevertheless, although erdafitinib was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation and Accelerated Approval from the FDA so as to allow the agency to focus on and expedite the approval process for a medication indicated for a serious condition that fills an unmet medical need using clinical trial data that is believed to predict a genuine clinical benefit for patients with the given condition, such designations mean further ongoing clinical trials are necessary to confirm the clinical benefit of erdafitinib going forward [L5956, L5959].		
DB12148	Menatetrenone	investigational	Menatetrenone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes, Osteoporosis, Prediabetic State, and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.		
DB12149	S-3304	investigational	S-3304 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Solid Tumors, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, Stage IIIB Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Stage IIIA Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, among others.		
DB12150	Pelubiprofen	investigational	Pelubiprofen has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Back Pain.		
DB12151	Brincidofovir	investigational	Brincidofovir is under investigation for the prevention of Outcomes, Survival Rates, and Cytomegalovirus Disease. Brincidofovir has been investigated for the prevention and treatment of CMV, Adenovirus, BK Virus (BKV), Adenoviruses (AdV), and Epstein-Barr (EBV), among others.Brincidofovir is an oral antiviral drug candidate for the treatment of smallpox infections and complications resulting from smallpox vaccine. It is a lipid mimic of cidofovir formed by linking a lipid 3-hexadecyloxy-1-propanol, to the phosphonate group of cidofovir. Brincidofovir is designed to cross cellular membranes by passive diffusion (vida supra, Phospholipid Mimics Designed to Facilitate Uptake in the Small Intestine). Uptake by this mechanism should be more efficient and lead to a more rapid accumulation of cidofovir in the cytoplasm of the target cell. Once it has reached the cytoplasm, CDV is phosphorylated by host cell nucleoside kinases to form the active antiviral agent cidofovir diphosphate.		
DB12152	Simtuzumab	investigational	Simtuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Myelofibrosis, Pancreatic Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.		
DB12153	Citicoline	approved,experimental	Citicoline is a donor of choline in biosynthesis of choline-containing phosphoglycerides. It has been investigated for the treatment, supportive care, and diagnosis of Mania, Stroke, Hypomania, Cocaine Abuse, and Bipolar Disorder, among others.		
DB12154	Itacitinib	investigational	Itacitinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Carcinoma, Metastatic Cancer, Endometrial Cancer, and B-cell Malignancies, among others.		
DB12155	Napabucasin	investigational	Napabucasin has been investigated for the treatment of Colorectal Carcinoma.		
DB12156	Cordycepin	investigational	Cordycepin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia.		
DB12157	Fasinumab	investigational	Fasinumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Sciatica, Back Pain, Low Back Pain, Osteoarthritis, Hip, and Abdominal Pain Upper, among others.		
DB12158	Filorexant	investigational	Filorexant has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Migraine, Headache, Polysomnography, Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful, and Major Depressive Disorder, Recurrent.		
DB12159	Dupilumab	approved,investigational	Dupilumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody of the immunoglobulin G4 subclass that binds to the interleukin-4 (IL-4) receptor, inhibiting the receptor signaling pathways.[A180478] As an interleukin-4 receptor alpha antagonist, dupilumab inhibits the signaling of pro-inflammatory cytokines, called interleukins (IL), that induce inflammatory and immunological reactions in several atopic or allergic conditions, such as eczema, allergic reaction, and rhinosinusitis.[A180478] Dupilumab was generated by recombinant DNA technology in Chinese Hamster Ovary cell suspension culture.[L7186]Dupilumab is commonly marketed as Dupixent®, which is available as a formulation for subcutaneous injection. It was first approved by the FDA in 2017 for patients 12 and older with eczema or atopic dermatitis. Dupilumab is also approved by Health Canada for the same indication and the European Commission for use in atopic dermatitis as well as severe asthma with type 2 inflammation.[L7225] It is the first biologic therapy to have been approved for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe AD in the EU and USA.[A180484] In 2018, FDA approved the use of dupilumab as an add-on maintenance treatment for patients 12 years and older with moderate-to-severe eosinophilic asthma or with oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma. In June 2019, dupilumab was also approved by the FDA as a treatment for inadequately controlled chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps in adult patients.[L7258] Dupilumab is currently under investigations for potential therapeutic use in diseases driven by allergic reactions or type 2 inflammation, such as pediatric atopic dermatitis, eosinophilic esophagitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It is also being studied in combination with another antibody that which targets IL-33.[L7225]		
DB12160	Bucillamine	investigational	Bucillamine has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Gout and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12161	Deutetrabenazine	approved,investigational	Deutetrabenazine is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated [DB04844] [A32046]. The presence of deuterium in deutetrabenazine increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound [A32046]. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability [A32043]. Decreased plasma fluctuations of deutetrabenazine due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with deutetrabenazine [A32042]. Deutetrabenazine is a racemic mixture containing  RR-Deutetrabenazine and SS-Deutetrabenazine [FDA Label]. Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances [A32043] that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions [A32046]. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission [A14081]. Deutetrabenazine depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release [A14081]. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, deutetrabenazine is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease [T28]. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of deutetrabenazine resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo [A32046]. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name Austedo as oral tablets.		
DB12162	HX-1171	investigational	Hx 1171 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01548391 (A Phase I Clinical Study Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of HX-1171 in Healthy Male Subjects).		
DB12163	Sarpogrelate	investigational	Sarpogrelate has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetic Nephropathy, Coronary Artery Disease, and Renal Insufficiency, Chronic.		
DB12165	Presatovir	investigational	Presatovir has been used in trials studying the treatment of RSV Infection, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections.		
DB12167	LY-3023414	investigational	LY3023414 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasm, Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, BREAST CANCER, and Advanced Cancer, among others.		
DB12168	MK-0557	investigational	MK0557 has been investigated for the treatment of Schizophrenia and Paranoid Schizophrenia.		
DB12169	Tralokinumab	investigational	Tralokinumab is under investigation for the treatment of Alopecia Areata. Tralokinumab has been investigated for the treatment of Asthma.		
DB12170	Veledimex	investigational	Veledimex has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme, Metastatic Breast Cancer, and Anaplastic Oligoastrocytoma.		
DB12171	ATU-027	investigational	Atu027 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors.		
DB12172	Nimorazole	investigational	Nimorazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypoxia, Radiotherapy, Hypoxic Modification, Gene Profile, Gene Signature, and Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12173	Diphencyprone	investigational	Diphencyprone has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Ultraviolet Rays, Immunosuppression, Neoplasm Metastasis, and Hypersensitivity, Delayed, among others.		
DB12174	CUDC-101	investigational	CUDC-101 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Tumors, Liver Cancer, Breast Cancer, and Gastric Cancer, among others.		
DB12176	Tricaprylin	investigational	Tricaprilin has been used in trials studying the supportive care and treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12177	Eplivanserin	investigational	Eplivanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sleep, Insomnia, Chronic Pain, Fibromyalgia, and Primary Insomnia, among others.		
DB12178	Telinavir	investigational	Telinavir has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12179	Secoisolariciresinol	investigational	Secoisolariciresinol has been used in trials studying the prevention of Breast Cancer.		
DB12180	Apitolisib	investigational	Apitolisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Cancers, Breast Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, and Endometrial Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12181	Dalcetrapib	investigational	Dalcetrapib is under investigation for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome.		
DB12182	Binetrakin	investigational	Binetrakin has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections, Sarcoma, Kaposi, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL), Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS), and Leukemia, Acute Myelogenous (AML), among others.		
DB12183	Sapitinib	investigational	Sapitinib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Neoplasms, Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, Metastatic Cancer, and Metastatic Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB12184	Gepirone	investigational	Gepirone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cocaine-Related Disorders.		
DB12185	Exatecan	investigational	Exatecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Leukemia, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, and Liver Cancer, among others.		
DB12186	SRT-2104	investigational	SRT2104 has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Sepsis, PSORIASIS, Atrophy, Muscular, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12187	Abacavir hydroxyacetate	investigational	Prurisol is under investigation for the treatment of Chronic Stable Plaque Psoriasis. Prurisol has been investigated for the treatment of Plaque Psoriasis.		
DB12188	Zicronapine	investigational	Zicronapine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12189	Etrolizumab	investigational	Etrolizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Crohn Disease and Ulcerative Colitis.		
DB12190	Faropenem	investigational	Faropenem has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tuberculosis, Pulmonary Tuberculosis, and Community Acquired Pneumonia.		
DB12191	Obatoclax	investigational	Obatoclax has been used in trials studying the treatment of AML, Leukemia, Myelofibrosis, Hodgkin's Lymphoma, and Mantle-Cell Lymphoma, among others.		
DB12192	Emeramide	investigational	Emeramide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mercury Poisoning.		
DB12193	Ajulemic acid	investigational	Ajulemic acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cystic Fibrosis, Dermatomyositis, and Diffuse Cutaneous Systemic Sclerosis.		
DB12194	Atamestane	investigational	Atamestane has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Neoplasms, Hormone-Dependent.		
DB12195	VP-14637	investigational	MDT-637 has been investigated for the treatment of Drug Safety.		
DB12196	CP-866087	investigational	CP-866,087 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Alcoholism, and Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological.		
DB12197	Auriclosene	investigational	Auriclosene has been used in trials studying the treatment of Impetigo, Bacterial Conjunctivitis, Asymptomatic Bacteriuria, and Adenoviral Conjunctivitis.		
DB12198	Fosdagrocorat	investigational	Fosdagrocorat has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12199	TRV-120027	investigational	TRV120027 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure and Kidney Disease.		
DB12200	Tivantinib	investigational	Tivantinib has been investigated in Solid Tumors.		
DB12201	PF-03654746	investigational	PF-03654746 has been investigated for the treatment of Narcolepsy, Schizophrenia, Tourette's Syndrome, and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness.		
DB12202	Zalutumumab	investigational	Zalutumumab is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody designed to bind with selectivity to the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Zalutumumab has been investigated for the treatment of Squamous Cell Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.		
DB12203	Tozadenant	investigational	Tozadenant has been investigated for the basic science of Cocaine Dependence.		
DB12204	Terbogrel	investigational	Terbogrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Pulmonary.		
DB12205	Ganitumab	investigational	Ganitumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colon Cancer, Rectal Cancer, Breast Cancer, Breast Tumors, and Breast Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12206	N-6022	investigational	N6022 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Cystic Fibrosis.		
DB12207	Verdinexor	investigational	Kpt 335 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02431364 (Trial of Safety and Tolerability of Oral Verdinexor (Verdinexor) in Healthy Adults).		
DB12208	Iron isomaltoside 1000	approved,investigational	Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.		
DB12209	Tirasemtiv	investigational	Tirasemtiv has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myasthenia Gravis, Intermittent Claudication, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.		
DB12210	AZD-6280	investigational	AZD6280 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Anxiety.		
DB12211	PSI-697	investigational	PSI-697 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Scleritis.		
DB12212	Landiolol	investigational	Landiolol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pharmacokinetics/Dynamics Study.		
DB12213	Etaracizumab	investigational	Etaracizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Psoriasis, Renal Cell Carcinoma, Stage IV Renal Cell Cancer, Recurrent Renal Cell Cancer, and Stage III Renal Cell Cancer.		
DB12214	Luseogliflozin	investigational	Luseogliflozin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Melltius, Type 2.		
DB12216	Bergapten	investigational	Bergapten is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00533195 (Comparison of UVA1 Phototherapy Versus Photochemotherapy for Patients With Severe Generalized Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB12218	Capivasertib	investigational	Capivasertib has been investigated for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer.		
DB12219	GSK-424887	investigational	Gsk424887 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Depressive Disorder and Anxiety Disorder.		
DB12220	ORG-25935	investigational	Org 25935 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism, Schizophrenia, and Panic Disorder.		
DB12221	Canrenone	investigational	Canrenone has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Heart Failure.		
DB12222	Lurtotecan	investigational	Lurtotecan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00022594 (Liposomal Lurtotecan in Treating Patients With Metastatic or Locally Recurrent Head and Neck Cancer).		
DB12223	Squaric acid dibutyl ester	investigational	Squaric acid dibutyl ester is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01971385 (Safety and Efficacy of Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester for the Treatment of Herpes Labialis).		
DB12224	Oxothiazolidinecarboxylic acid	investigational	Procysteine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12225	Beclabuvir	investigational	Beclabuvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12226	Terameprocol	investigational	Terameprocol has been investigated for the treatment of Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB12227	Tetulomab tetraxetan Lu-177	investigational	Betalutin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma and Relapsed, Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma.		
DB12228	Telcagepant	investigational	Telcagepant has been investigated for the treatment of Migraine. It is an antagonist of the receptor for calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), a primary neuropeptide involved in the pathophysiology of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are found in areas of the central and peripheral nervous system that are important for the transmission of migraine pain. During migraine attacks, CGRP activates these receptors and facilitates the transmission of pain impulses.		
DB12229	Cerlapirdine	investigational	Cerlapirdine has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12230	Bunazosin	investigational	Bunazosin has been used in trials studying the treatment of High Blood Pressure.		
DB12231	Temefos	investigational	Diphos has been used in trials studying the treatment of Plasmodium Falciparum Malaria.		
DB12232	KRN-7000	investigational	KRN7000 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Chronic Hepatitis C, Hepatitis B, Chronic, Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific, and Prevention of GvHD in Patients With Hematological Malignancies Undergoing AHSCT.		
DB12233	Iguratimod	investigational	Iguratimod is under investigation in Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12234	BMS-214662	investigational	BMS-214662 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Childhood Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Refractory Anemia With Excess Blasts, Recurrent Adult Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Relapsing Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia, and Adult Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia (M3), among others.		
DB12235	Estetrol	investigational	Estetrol has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Prostatic Neoplasms.		
DB12236	Bexagliflozin	investigational	Bexagliflozin is under investigation for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Bexagliflozin has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus and Type2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12237	GW-274150	investigational	GW274150 has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Asthma, Migraine, Migraine Disorders, and Arthritis, Rheumatoid.		
DB12238	MK-0777	investigational	MK-0777 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorder, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder.		
DB12239	Balicatib	investigational	Balicatib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoporosis and Knee Osteoarthritis.		
DB12240	Polatuzumab vedotin	approved,investigational	Polatuzumab vedotin is a CD79b specific antibody conjugated to the antineoplastic agent monomethyl auristatin E.[Label] This medication was granted accelerated FDA approval on 10 June 2019.[L6658]		
DB12241	TAK-733	investigational	TAK-733 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Metastatic Melanoma, Advanced Nonhematologic Malignancies, and Advanced Non-hematologic Malignancies.		
DB12242	AZD-7762	investigational	AZD7762 has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumors, and Advanced Solid Malignancies.		
DB12243	Edaravone	approved,investigational	Edaravone is a free radical scavenger approved in May, 2017 for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral scleorosis (ALS). Clinical studies showed that the treatment attenuated deterioration of the disease when compared to placebo. It has been previously investigated for the treatment of ischemic stroke, reperfusion Injury, and myocardial Infarction as it possesses antioxidant and anti-apoptotic properties. Being a low molecular weight molecule with good water and lipid-soluble properies, it is therapeutically advantageous in crossing the blood-brain barrier to mediate nootropic and neuroprotective effects. Oral formulation of edaravone is currently under development.		
DB12244	CP-601927	investigational	CP-601,927 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12245	Triclabendazole	approved,investigational	Triclabendazole, manufactured by Novartis pharmaceuticals, is an antihelminthic drug that was approved by the FDA in February 2019 for the treatment of fascioliasis in humans.[FDA label, L5452]   Fascioliasis is a parasitic infection often caused by the helminth, _Fasciola hepatica_, which is also known as “the common liver fluke” or “the sheep liver fluke” or by _Fasciola gigantica_, another helminth. These parasites can infect humans following ingestion of larvae in contaminated water or food.  Triclabendazole was previously used in the treatment of fascioliasis in livestock, but is now approved for human use.This drug is currently the only FDA-approved drug for individuals with fascioliasis, which affects 2.4 million people worldwide.[A174988,L5452]		
DB12246	Inclacumab	investigational	Inclacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Myocardial Infarction, Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD), and Coronary Heart Disease, Graft Occlusion, Vascular.		
DB12247	AZD-4547	investigational	AZD4547 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, LYMPHOMA, Gastric Cancer, Adenocarcinoma, and Solid Neoplasm, among others.		
DB12248	Tulobuterol	investigational	Tulobuterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12249	Stem bromelain	approved,investigational	The primary therapeutic use for which stem bromelain is currently and formally indicated is as a burn wound eschar debridement agent that has been approved by the EMA since 2012 and marketed under the brand name Nexobrid [FDA Label].Bromelain itself belongs to a category of protein-digesting enzymes that are obtained commercially from the fruit or stem of pineapples [A27198]. Although both fruit and stem bromelain are prepared differently and contain different enzymatic compositions, the general term bromelain typically refers to stem bromelain [A27198]. Bromelain is consequently a composite mixture of several different endopeptidases that can facilitate many different reactions with many different substrates. This action allows bromelain to demonstrate a wide range of therapeutic benefits ranging from cardiovascular to anticancer therapy - but the specific mechanisms of action by which it can elicit these effects are currently not properly understood.		
DB12250	Cixutumumab	investigational	Cixutumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Malignant Neoplasm, Leukemia, Mast-Cell, Non-Small-Cell Lung Carcinoma, and Adenocarcinoma of the Prostate.Cixutumumab is a highly specific recombinant human monoclonal antibody with high affinity for the insulin-like growth factor-I receptor (IGF-IR). IGF-IR is overexpressed in a variety of tumour types.		
DB12251	Moxaverine	investigational	Moxaverine has been investigated for the treatment of Retina, Ocular Physiology, and Regional Blood Flow.		
DB12252	PG-701	investigational	Hydroxytriptolide has been investigated for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12253	GDC-0810	investigational	ARN-810 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Breast Cancer.		
DB12254	ABT-751	investigational	ABT-751 has been investigated for the treatment of Lung Cancer, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12255	Vadadustat	investigational	Vadadustat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia and Non-dialysis-dependent Chronic Kidney Disease.		
DB12256	Bamosiran	investigational	Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.		
DB12257	Platinum	investigational	Platinum is under investigation for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Gastric Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, Colorectal Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, and Pancreatic Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, among others. Platinum has been investigated for the treatment and supportive care of Ovarian Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, Peritoneal Primary Cancer, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12258	Abicipar Pegol	investigational	Abicipar Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Macular Edema and Macular Degeneration.		
DB12259	CG-200745	investigational	Cg200745 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumour.		
DB12260	Radiprodil	investigational	Radiprodil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infantile Spasms (IS) and Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathic Pain.		
DB12261	Ascrinvacumab	investigational	Ascrinvacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumors, Carcinoma, Hepatocellular, and Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma.		
DB12262	CRS-3123	investigational	CRS3123 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Clostridial Infection and Clostridium Difficile Colitis.		
DB12263	Begacestat	investigational	Begacestat has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12264	Atevirdine	investigational	Atevirdine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12265	Fexinidazole	investigational	Fexinidazole has been investigated for the treatment of Disease, Chagas and South American Trypanosomiasis.		
DB12266	Epofolate	investigational	Epofolate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors.		
DB12267	Brigatinib	approved,investigational	Brigatinib, originally named AP26113, is a reversible dual inhibitor of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). It presents selectivity against the mutant forms of EGFR compared to the wild-type.[A31311] It also exhibits selectivity against 9 different Crizotinib-resistant mutants of the EML4-ALK fusion gene, which is a pivotal player in the transformation of susceptible lung parenchyma.[A31313] Brigatinib was developed by Ariad Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, and FDA-approved on April 28, 2017.[L1026]		
DB12268	Carmegliptin	investigational	Carmegliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2.		
DB12269	PF-06273340	investigational	Pf 06273340 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01934738 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Toleration and Time Course of Plasma Concentration of Multiple Oral Doses of PF-06273340 in Healthy Subjects of Two AgeGroups, Aged 18-55 Years (Group 1) and Aged 56-75 Years (Group 2)).		
DB12270	Losmapimod	investigational	Losmapimod has been investigated for the prevention of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12271	ORE-1001	investigational	ORE1001 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mild to Moderate Ulcerative Colitis. It is an ACE2 inhibitor.		
DB12272	Vidupiprant	investigational	Vidupiprant has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Asthma.		
DB12273	Ecopipam	investigational	Ecopipam has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tourette's Syndrome, Lesch-Nyhan Disease, Pathological Gambling, and Self-injurious Behavior.		
DB12274	Aducanumab	investigational	Aducanumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12275	Seviteronel	investigational	Seviteronel has been used in trials studying the treatment of CRPC, Prostate Cancer, and Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer.		
DB12276	Apomine	investigational	Apomine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoporosis and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12277	Polihexanide	approved,investigational	Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.		
DB12278	Propiverine	approved,investigational	Propiverine is a widely used antimuscarinic drug with a mixed mode of action in the treatment of symptoms associated with overactive bladder (OAB) [A32576].Overactive bladder (OAB) is a chronic condition of the lower urinary tract characterized by urinary urgency, increased frequency of urination, and nocturia (frequent waking during the night to urinate). OAB has a negative impact on quality of life and may lead to leakage and inconvenient urinary accidents [L2327], [L2328]. Overactive bladder syndrome affects millions of elderly individuals in the United States and shows equal prevalence in men and women. The impact of OAB on quality of life is sometimes devastating, especially to elderly patients with other medical conditions [L2328].Propiverine hydrochloride is a bladder detrusor muscle relaxant drug with dual antimuscarinic and calcium-modulating properties for the treatment of OAB [L2317].		
DB12279	OBP-801	investigational	OBP-801 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor.		
DB12280	AZD-5423	investigational	AZD5423 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Asthma, Bioavailability and AUC, and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).		
DB12281	Luspatercept	approved,investigational	Luspatercept is a recombinant fusion protein comprised of a modified extracellular domain of activin receptor type IIB fused to the FC domain of human IgG1.[A187829,L9980] It was first approved for use in the United States in November 2019 under the brand name Reblozyl® for the treatment of anemia in patients with beta thalassemia who require regular blood transfusions.[L9980] Luspatercept is novel in that it ameliorates anemia via action on late-stage erythropoiesis, in contrast to typical erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs), such as [darbepoetin alfa] and [epoetin alfa], which act only on early-stage erythropoiesis.[A187835] Luspatercept's novel mechanism of action, then, is uniquely suited for the treatment of conditions in which late-stage erythropoiesis is defective, such as beta thalassemia and other myelodysplastic diseases.[A187835,A187838]		
DB12282	Defactinib	investigational	Defactinib has been investigated for the treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma.		
DB12283	Balapiravir	investigational	Balapiravir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dengue and Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12284	LY-2608204	investigational	LY2608204 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12285	Verubecestat	investigational	Verubecestat is under investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease, Prodromal Alzheimer's disease, and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment. Verubecestat is Merck’s investigational oral β-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme (BACE1 or β secretase) inhibitor. In July 2013, Merck announced positive results for Phase Ib trials of Verubecestat. In the study, administration of Verubecestat at doses of 12, 40 and 60 mg resulted in a dose-dependent and sustained reduction in the levels of Ab40, a measure of BACE1 activity, in CSF from baseline of 57, 79 and 84 percent, respectively.		
DB12286	Simendan	investigational	Simendan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00527059 (Renal Effects of Levosimendan in Patients Admitted With Acute Decompensated Heart Failure).		
DB12287	Talsaclidine	investigational	Talsaclidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12288	Piromelatine	investigational	Piromelatine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12289	Darexaban	investigational	Darexaban has been used in trials studying the prevention and basic science of Japanese, Caucasian, Thromboembolism, Pharmacodynamics, and Pharmacokinetics, among others.		
DB12290	Puerarin	investigational	Puerarin has been investigated for the treatment of Alcohol Abuse.		
DB12291	Tacedinaline	investigational	Tacedinaline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB12292	Barusiban	investigational	Barusiban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infertility and In Vitro Fertilisation (IVF) Treatment.		
DB12293	Nefopam	approved,investigational	Nefopam is under investigation for the prevention of Cholecystitis and Post Anaesthetic Shivering. Nefopam has been investigated for the prevention of Kidney Transplantation.		
DB12294	Anrukinzumab	investigational	Anrukinzumab has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Asthma.		
DB12295	Evodenoson	investigational	Evodenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Open-angle Glaucoma and Ocular Hypertension.		
DB12296	GS-5745	investigational	GS-5745 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tumors, Breast Cancer, Crohn's Disease, Colorectal Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others.		
DB12297	GLPG-0187	investigational	GLPG0187 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB12298	5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-furaldehyde	investigational	Aes-103 has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Hypoxia, Anemia, Sickle Cell, and Sickle Cell Disease.		
DB12299	Bavisant	investigational	Bavisant has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Alcoholism, Pharmacokinetics, Drug Interactions, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Attention Deficit Disorders With Hyperactivity.		
DB12300	P-nitrobiphenyl	approved,experimental,investigational	Pnb has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pelvic Organ Prolapse.		
DB12301	Doravirine	approved,investigational	Doravirine is an HIV-1 non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) intended to be administered in combination with other antiretroviral medicines.[L12729,L4562] Doravirine is available by itself or as a combination product of doravirine (100 mg), lamivudine (300 mg), and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (300 mg).[L4562]Doravirine is formally indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult patients with no prior antiretroviral treatment experience, further expanding the possibility and choice of therapeutic treatments available for the management of HIV-1 infection.[L4562]		
DB12302	CP-724714	investigational	CP-724,714 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Neoplasm Metastasis.		
DB12303	Motolimod	investigational	Motolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Tongue Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Adult Solid Neoplasm, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others.		
DB12304	Entolimod	investigational	Entolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mucositis, Tongue Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Stage IVA Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, and Stage IVB Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, among others.		
DB12305	Dasotraline	investigational	Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.		
DB12306	Cipargamin	investigational	Cipargamin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Malaria, Cure Rate, and Plasmodium Falciparum Malaria.		
DB12307	Foretinib	investigational	Foretinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Cancer, Carcinoma, Renal Cell, Recurrent Breast Cancer, and Neoplasms, Head and Neck, among others. Foretinib is an orally available small molecule compound designed to target multiple RTKs implicated in the development, progression and spread of cancer. It inhibits the activation of MET, RON, ERK and AKT, decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis.		
DB12308	Eltanolone	investigational	Eltanolone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02603926 (Treatment of Fragile-X Associated Tremor/Ataxia Syndrome (FXTAS) With Allopregnanolone).		
DB12309	GI-181771X	investigational	Gski181771 X is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00600743 (Effect of a CCK-1R Agonist on Food Intake in Humans).		
DB12310	Trehalose	investigational	Cabaletta has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oculopharyngeal Muscular Dystrophy.		
DB12311	CP1-1189	investigational	CPI-1189 has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and AIDS Dementia Complex.		
DB12312	ORG-25435	investigational	Org 25435 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anaesthesia.		
DB12313	Dopexamine	approved,investigational	Dopexamine has been used in trials studying the diagnostic and treatment of Free Flap, Oral Cancer, Hypotension, Septic Shock, and Head and Neck Cancer.		
DB12314	Chlorproguanil	investigational	Chlorproguanil has been used in trials studying the treatment of MALARIA. It is a dichloro-derivative of chloroguanide.		
DB12316	9CUAB30	investigational	9 Cuab30 has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of HER2/Neu Positive, HER2/Neu Negative, No Evidence of Disease, Estrogen Receptor Negative, and estrogen receptor positive, among others.		
DB12317	Vanucizumab	investigational	Vanucizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of ColoRectal Cancer and Advanced/Metastatic Solid Tumors.		
DB12318	BMS-599626	investigational	BMS-599626 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Metastases, and HER2 or EGFR Expressing Advanced Solid Malignancies.		
DB12319	Benzbromarone	investigational,withdrawn	Benzbromarone has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Heart Failure, Hyperuricemia, Chronic Kidney Disease, Abnormal Renal Function, and Gout and Asymptomatic Hyperuricemia.		
DB12320	Palovarotene	investigational	Palovarotene has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva.		
DB12321	Ifetroban	investigational	Ifetroban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Diseases, Autoimmune Diseases, Pathologic Processes, Scleroderma, Limited, and Scleroderma, Diffuse, among others.		
DB12322	GW-870086	investigational	GW870086X has been investigated for the treatment of ASTHMA.		
DB12323	Radotinib	investigational	Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.		
DB12325	Idasanutlin	investigational	Idasanutlin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute, Recurrent Plasma Cell Myeloma, and Neoplasms, Leukemia, Acute Myeloid Leukemia.		
DB12326	Antroquinonol	investigational	Antroquinonol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hyperlipidemias, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Stage IV.		
DB12327	Salvinorin A	investigational	Salvinorin A has been investigated for the basic science of Pharmaceutical Preparations.		
DB12328	Cantharidin	approved,investigational	Cantharidin is a naturally occurring odorless, colorless fatty substance of the terpenoid class that is produced as an oral fluid in the alimentary canal of the male blister beetle [A32891, A32892]. For its natural purpose, the male blister beetle secretes and presents the cantharidin to a female beetle as a copulatory gift during mating. Post-copulation, the female beetle places the cantharidin over her eggs as protection against any potential predators.Available synthetically since the 1950s, topical applications of cantharidin have been used predominantly as a treatment for cutaneous warts since that time [A32891, A32892]. In 1962 however, marketers of cantharidin failed to produce sufficient efficacy data, resulting in the FDA revision of approval of cantharidin [A32892].Today, topical cantharidin products do not necessarily demonstrate any particular better effectiveness at treating topical skin conditions like warts than other commonly available vesicant and/or keratolytics although various studies have also investigated the possibility of using cantharidin as an inflammatory model or in cancer treatment [A32892]. Regardless, the onging lack of FDA approval is likely related to certain toxic effects that were observed following oral ingestion, which includes ulceration of the gastrointestinal and genitourinary tracts, along with electrolyte and renal function disturbance in humans and animals [A32891].		
DB12329	Eravacycline	approved,investigational	Eravacycline, known as _Xerava_ by Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, is a fully synthetic fluorocycline antibiotic of the tetracycline class with activity against clinically significant gram-negative, gram-positive aerobic, and facultative bacteria. This includes most of those bacteria resistant to cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, β-lactam/β-lactamase inhibitors, multidrug-resistant strains, and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, and the majority of anaerobic pathogens [A38683].  It was first approved by the FDA on August 27, 2018 [L4540]. Eravacycline has demonstrated superior potency to that of antibiotics that are currently being marketed for intraabdominal infections [A38727].		
DB12330	Blisibimod	investigational	Blisibimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of IgA Nephropathy, Microscopic Polyangiitis, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, and Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.		
DB12331	Labetuzumab govitecan	investigational	Labetuzumab govitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colon Cancer, Rectal Cancer, and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.		
DB12332	Rucaparib	approved,investigational	Rucaparib is a potent mammalian poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1, 2 and 3 inhibitor with anticancer properties. PPAR is an enzyme that plays an essential role in DNA repair by activating response pathways and facilitating repair [A18745], and defects in these repair mechanisms have been demonstrated in various malignancies, including cancer. Regulation of repair pathways is critical in promoting necessary cell death. BRCA genes are tumor suppressor genes mediate several cellular process including DNA replication, transcription regulation, cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis, chromatin structuring and homologous recombination (HR). Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), along with PPAR inhibition, is a vulnerability that enhances the cell death pathway when the single mutations alone would permit viability. Ovarian cancer commonly possesses defects in DNA repair pathways such as HRD due to BRCA mutations or otherwise. There are three main types of ovarian cancer: epithelial (90%), germ cell (5%) and sex cord stromal cell (5%). Epithelial ovarian, being the most common, fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women in the United States. Advanced ovarian cancer particularly poses challenges due to reduced therapeutic response rates from standard platinum-based chemotherapy and overall survival rates. Rucaparib has shown to induce cytotoxicity in tumor cell lines with deficiencies in BRCA1/2 and other DNA repair genes [FDA Label]. Of all the BRCA1/2 mutations in ovarian cancer, most are due to germline mutations (18%), and approximately 7% represent somatic mutations acquired within the tumor [A31354].The indication of rucaparib as an oral monotherapy in patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer was granted accelerated approval in 2016 for selected patients who have previously received greater than two lines of platinum-based therapy. It is currently marketed in the US under the brand name Rubraca that contains rucaparib camsylate as the active ingredient. The identification of patients who are eligible for rucaparib therapy is performed via *in vitro* diagnostic tests to detect the presence of a deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic). The FDA-approved test qualitatively detects sequence alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) genes. More information can be found on the FDA Website [L1047].While rucaparib is indicated for deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic)-associated advanced ovarian cancer, there is evidence that its antitumor activity is also clinically effective against ovarian tumors with high homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) loss of heterozygosity (LOH) [A31354].		
DB12333	SPK-843	investigational	SPK-843 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cryptococcosis or Aspergillosis Infections.		
DB12334	Milataxel	investigational	Milataxel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mesothelioma.		
DB12335	Tanezumab	investigational	Tanezumab has been investigated for the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Neuralgia, Postherpetic.		
DB12336	GDC-0917	investigational	CUDC-427 has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA and Solid Cancers.		
DB12337	N-acetylsulfanilyl chloride	investigational	ASC has been investigated for the screening of Patients Undergoing Screening or Surveillance Colonoscopy.		
DB12338	Carisbamate	investigational	Carisbamate has been investigated in Alcohol Abuse, Substance Abuse, and Alcohol Dependence.		
DB12339	Radezolid	investigational	Radezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abscess, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Streptococcal Infections, Infectious Skin Diseases, and Staphylococcal Skin Infections, among others.		
DB12340	Navitoclax	investigational	Navitoclax has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Solid Tumors, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, EGFR Activating Mutation, Chronic Lymphoid Leukemia, and Hematological Malignancies, among others.Navitoclax is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of Bcl-2 family proteins. It is a substance being studied in the treatment of lymphomas and other types of cancer. It blocks some of the enzymes that keep cancer cells from dying.		
DB12341	LY-2456302	investigational	Ly2456302 has been used in trials studying the health services research and basic science of Anxiety Disorders and Alcohol Dependence.		
DB12342	Ensituximab	investigational	Ensituximab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, Adult, Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, and Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB12343	Temocillin	approved,investigational	Temocillin has been investigated in Infection, Liver Dysfunction, and Urinary Tract Infection.		
DB12344	Fezakinumab	investigational	Fezakinumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12345	MBX-2982	investigational	MBX-2982 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes.		
DB12346	Vatelizumab	investigational	Vatelizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ulcerative Colitis.		
DB12347	CG-400549	investigational	CG400549 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Infection.		
DB12348	5-amino-1,3,4-thiadiazole-2-thiol	investigational	ATT has been investigated in Pulmonary Tuberculosis.		
DB12349	Dulanermin	investigational	Dulanermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.		
DB12350	Rostafuroxin	investigational	Rostafuroxin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Essential Hypertension.		
DB12351	Siagoside	investigational	Siagoside has been investigated for the treatment of Parkinson Disease.		
DB12352	Bizelesin	investigational	Bizelesin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12353	Ulodesine	investigational	Ulodesine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gout, Arthritis, Hyperuricemia, and Joint Disease.		
DB12354	Imrecoxib	investigational	Imrecoxib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Knee Osteoarthritis.		
DB12355	Netazepide	investigational	Netazepide has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Dyspepsia, Hypergastrinaemia, Barrett's Esophagus, ECL-cell Hyperplasia, and Rebound Hyperacidity, among others.		
DB12356	Fletikumab	investigational	Fletikumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01038674 (Safety and Tolerability of Anti-IL-20 in Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB12357	BMS-863233	investigational	BMS-863233 has been investigated for the treatment of Refractory Hematologic Cancer.		
DB12358	Enbucrilate	investigational	Enbucrilate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02468206 (Secondary Prophylaxis of Gastric Variceal Bleed).		
DB12359	BIIB021	investigational	BIIB021 has been investigated for the treatment of Tumors and Lymphoma.		
DB12360	PF-03654764	investigational	PF-03654764 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB12361	Piclozotan	investigational	Piclozotan has been investigated for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease.		
DB12362	Diaminopropanol tetraacetic acid	approved,investigational	Diaminohydroxypropanetetraacetic acid has been investigated for the treatment of Vascular Disease, Coronary Disease, Myocardial Ischemia, Coronary Restenosis, and Coronary Artery Disease, among others.		
DB12363	Dusigitumab	investigational	Dusigitumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Advanced Solid Malignancies, Unresectable or Metastatic Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC), and Hormone-sensitive, HER-2 Negative Metastatic Breast Cancer.		
DB12364	Betrixaban	approved,investigational	Betrixaban is a non-vitamin K oral anticoagulant whose action is driven by the competitive and reversible inhibition of the factor Xa [A7708]. It was selected among all lead compounds due to its low hERG channel affinity while sustaining its factor Xa inhibition capacity [A27286]. Betrixaban, now developed by Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc., is prescribed as a venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylactic for adult patients with moderate to severe restricted motility or with other risks for VTE [A27285]. VTE can be manifested as deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism and it is a leading cause of preventable death in hospitalized patients [A27287].		
DB12365	Perzinfotel	investigational	Perzinfotel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful.		
DB12366	Vestronidase alfa	approved,investigational	Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.		
DB12367	Selurampanel	investigational	Selurampanel has been investigated in Adrenocortical Adenoma and Sarcoma, Endometrial Stromal.		
DB12368	AZD-3839	investigational	AZD3839 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Safety, Tolerability, Alzheimer's Disease, and Blood Concentration.		
DB12369	Sotrastaurin	investigational	Sotrastaurin has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Uveal Melanoma, Richter Syndrome, Prolymphocytic Leukemia, Recurrent Mantle Cell Lymphoma, and Recurrent Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma, among others.		
DB12370	Ipamorelin	investigational	Ipamorelin has been investigated for the treatment of Ileus.		
DB12371	Siponimod	approved,investigational	Siponimod, also known as _Mayzent_, by Novartis, is a new drug formulated for the management of Multiple Sclerosis (MS). It was approved by the FDA on March 26, 2019 [L5792] and by Health Canada on February 20, 2020.[L12171] This drug is considered a _sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator_ and is thought to play a role in suppressing the central nervous system inflammation that is associated with MS [FDA label].Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is an autoimmune disease of the central nervous system that is chronic and inflammatory, disrupting communication between the brain and other parts of the body. Most patients diagnosed with this illness experience their initial disease symptoms between the age of 20 to 40, often the most productive years of life. Symptoms may include but are not limited to fatigue, gait changes, bowel or bladder dysfunction, abnormal muscle twitching, vision disturbance, and depressing or mood swings.[L5801] MS is one of the most common causes of neurological disability in young adults and is found to occur more frequently in women than in men.[A176474,L5792]		
DB12373	Isunakinra	investigational	Isunakinra has been investigated for the treatment of Dry Eye and Allergic Conjunctivitis (AC).		
DB12374	Velmanase alfa	approved,investigational	Recombinant Human Alpha Mannosidase has been investigated for the treatment of Alpha Mannosidosis and Alpha-Mannosidosis.		
DB12375	Oglemilast	investigational	Oglemilast has been investigated for the treatment of Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12376	Ricolinostat	investigational	Ricolinostat is under investigation for the treatment of Breast Carcinoma and Metastatic Breast Cancer.		
DB12377	Relebactam	approved,investigational	Relebactam is a diazabicyclooctane beta-lactamase inhibitor, similar in structure to [avibactam].[A181195,A181207] It includes a piperidine ring which reduces export from bacterial cells by producing a positive charge.[A181207] It is currently available in a combination product which includes [imipenem] and [cilastatin] to treat complicated urinary tract infections (UTIs), pyelonephritis, and complicated intra-abdominal infections in adults.[label] It is considered to be a last-line treatment option and gained FDA approval as part of the combination product RecarbrioⓇ in July 2019.[L7568]		
DB12378	Apricoxib	investigational	Apricoxib has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Pancreatic Cancer, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer, among others.		
DB12379	Indirubin	investigational	Indirubin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01735864 (Dosage Determination Trial for Indigo Naturalis Extract in Oil Ointment).		
DB12380	GDC-0152	investigational	GDC-0152 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Cancers.		
DB12381	Merestinib	investigational	Merestinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumor, Advanced cancer, ColoRectal Cancer, and Metastatic Cancer, among others.		
DB12382	R-306465	investigational	R306465 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12383	Cytochlor	investigational	Cytochlor has been used in trials studying the treatment of Head and Neck Cancer and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB12384	AR-67	investigational	AR-67 has been used in trials studying the treatment of GBM, Tumors, Gliosarcoma, Solid Malignancies, and Glioblastoma Multiforme, among others.		
DB12385	10-hydroxycamptothecin	investigational	10-hydroxycamptothecin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00956787 (Study of AR-67 (DB-67) in Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS)).		
DB12386	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain danish 1331 live antigen	investigational	BCG SSI has been used in trials studying Tuberculosis.		
DB12387	OSI-027	investigational	OSI-027 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Any Solid Tumor or Lymphoma.		
DB12388	Evocalcet	investigational	Evocalcet has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hyperparathyroidism and Secondary Hyperparathyroidism.		
DB12389	Zamicastat	investigational	Zamicastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension and Chronic Heart Failure.		
DB12390	MBX-8025	investigational	MBX-8025 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hyperlipidemia.		
DB12391	Sagopilone	investigational	Sagopilone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Neoplasms, CNS Disease, Breast Cancer, and Breast Neoplasms, among others. It is a so-called fully synthetic epothilone and is the first such compound to be in clinical development to combat several forms of cancer. Epothilones are 16-member ring macrolides with antimicrotubule activity that share a similar mechanism of action to the taxanes but have demonstrated potent antiproliferative activity in several different multidrug-resistant and paclitaxel-resistant tumor cell lines in vitro and in vivo.		
DB12392	Resminostat	investigational	Resminostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sezary Syndrome, Mycosis fungoides, Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Lymphoma, T-Cell, Cutaneous, among others.		
DB12393	Fanapanel	investigational	Fanapanel has been investigated for the treatment of Visual Acuity.		
DB12394	Eleclazine	investigational	Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.		
DB12395	Esreboxetine	investigational	Esreboxetine has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Fibromyalgia.		
DB12396	Fresolimumab	investigational	Fresolimumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Brain Tumors, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Diffuse Systemic Sclerosis, Pleural Malignant Mesothelioma, and Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis.		
DB12397	DSM-265	investigational	DSM265 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Malaria.		
DB12398	Naproxen etemesil	investigational	Naproxen etemesil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis.		
DB12399	Polmacoxib	investigational	Polmacoxib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Osteoarthritis, Hip, Osteoarthritis, Knee, Localized Primary Osteoarthritis of Hip, and Localized Primary Osteoarthritis of Knee.		
DB12400	Voxtalisib	investigational	Voxtalisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Lymphoma, Glioblastoma, and Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB12401	Bromperidol	approved,investigational	Bromperidol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders, among others.		
DB12402	Pumosetrag	investigational	Pumosetrag has been used in trials studying Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease.		
DB12403	Samarium	investigational	Samarium has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Pain, Cancer, Metastasis, Prostate Cancer, and Metastatic Osteosarcoma, among others.		
DB12404	Remimazolam	approved,investigational	Remimazolam is an ultra short-acting benzodiazepine used in the induction and maintenance of sedation during short (<30 minute) procedures.[L14647] Recent trends in anesthesia-related drug development have touted the benefits of so-called "soft drugs" - these agents, such as [remifentanil], are designed to be metabolically fragile and thus susceptible to rapid biotransformation and elimination as inactive metabolites.[A214857] These "soft drugs" are useful in the context of surgical procedures, wherein a rapid onset/offset is desirable, enabling anesthesiologists to manipulate drug concentrations as needed.[A214852,A214857] Remimazolam was the first "soft" benzodiazepine analog to be developed[A214862] and was approved for use by the FDA in July 2020 under the brand name Byfavo.[L14722]		
DB12405	Triciribine	investigational	Triciribine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Ovarian Cancer, HER2/Neu Negative, Breast Adenocarcinoma, and Stage IV Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB12406	Lisofylline	investigational	Lisofylline has been investigated for the treatment of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12407	Iobitridol	approved,investigational	Iobitridol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Diagnostic Imaging, Coronary Artery Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Coronary Atherosclerosis.		
DB12408	PF-03635659	investigational	Pf03635659 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12409	Vatreptacog alfa	investigational	Vatreptacog Alfa (Activated) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia B, Haemophilia A, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia A With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia B With Inhibitors.		
DB12410	Sabarubicin	investigational	Sabarubicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Testicular Germ Cell Tumor, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12411	Bemcentinib	investigational	Bemcentinib has been investigated for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12412	Gemigliptin	investigational	Gemigliptin is under investigation in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Gemigliptin has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer and Cisplatin Adverse Reaction.		
DB12413	Indusatumab vedotin	investigational	Indusatumab vedotin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma, Adenocarcinoma of the Stomach, Recurrent Gastric Adenocarcinoma, Metastatic Gastric Adenocarcinoma, and Advanced Gastrointestinal Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12414	Usistapide	investigational	Usistapide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Overweight, Metabolic Diseases, Nutrition Disorders, and Nutritional and Metabolic Diseases.		
DB12415	Galeterone	investigational	Galeterone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer.		
DB12416	VTP-27999	investigational	VTP-27999 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Renal Function.		
DB12417	Anagliptin	investigational	Anagliptin is under investigation for the treatment of LDL Cholesterol, Coronary Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, Glycosylated Hemoglobin, and Dipeptidyl-Peptidase 4 Inhibitors.		
DB12418	Saccharin	investigational	Saccharin has been investigated for the treatment of Hypertension and Hyperglycemia.		
DB12419	HSD-016	investigational	Hsd 016 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00838461 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Pharmacokinetics (PK), and Pharmacodynamices (PD) of HSD-016).		
DB12420	Diazepinomicin	investigational	Diazepinomicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme. It is a proprietary first-in-class small molecule with the potential to treat multiple solid tumours like the well known chemotherapeutics, doxorubicin and mitomycin C. Diazepinomicin is a natural product derived from a non-pathogenic micro-organism. Discovered using Thallion’s DECIPHER technology, diazepinomicin has completed preclinical studies conducted by the National Cancer Institute and Thallion to establish safety and efficacy in animal and in vitro models.		
DB12421	Somavaratan	investigational	Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.		
DB12422	Sulforaphane	investigational	Sulforaphane is under investigation for the treatment of Autism Spectrum Disorder. It is a naturally occurring isothiocyanate found in high concentration in a variety of broccoli.		
DB12423	Fozivudine Tidoxil	investigational	Fozivudine Tidoxil has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12424	MK-3207	investigational	Mk3207 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Migraine and Migraine Disorders.		
DB12425	Liothyronine I-131	investigational	Liothyronine I-131 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tricuspid Atresia and Heart Defects, Congenital.		
DB12426	Bitopertin	investigational	Bitopertin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.		
DB12427	Orvepitant	investigational	Orvepitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Depressive Disorder, Major, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).		
DB12428	PAC-14028	investigational	PAC-14028 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Pruritus, Papulopustular Rosacea, and Erythematotelangiectatic Rosacea.		
DB12429	CI-1040	investigational	CI-1040 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, Pancreatic Cancer, and Colorectal Cancer, among others.		
DB12431	Muplestim	investigational	Muplestim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00002258 (A Phase I, Open Label Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerance and Biological Effects of SDZ ILE-964 (Recombinant Human Interleukin-3, RhIL-3) in HIV Infected Patients With Cytopenia).		
DB12432	CC-401	investigational	CC-401 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myeloid Leukemia.		
DB12433	SCH-900271	investigational	Sch 900271 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mixed Hyperlipidemia and Primary Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB12434	Steviolbioside	approved,investigational	Steviolbioside has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection.		
DB12435	Tipelukast	investigational	Tipelukast is under investigation for the treatment of IPF and Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.		
DB12436	Vofopitant	investigational	Vofopitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of PTSD, Primary Insomnia, and Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders.		
DB12438	Filociclovir	investigational	Filociclovir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01433835 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of Single Oral Doses of Filociclovir in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB12439	Ioforminol	investigational	Ioforminol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Cardio Renal Safety in High-risk Elderly Subjects Undergoing a Coronary CATH With or Without PCI.		
DB12440	Verdiperstat	investigational	Verdiperstat has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Multiple System Atrophy (MSA).		
DB12441	Tavilermide	investigational	Tavilermide has been investigated for the treatment of Dry Eye Syndromes.		
DB12442	Alvespimycin	investigational	Alvespimycin is a derivative of geldanamycin and heat shock protein (HSP) 90 inhibitor. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of solid tumor in various cancer as an antitumor agent. In comparison to the first HSP90 inhibitor tanespimycin, it exhibits some pharmacologically desirable properties such as reduced metabolic liability, lower plasma protein binding, increased water solubility, higher oral bioavailability, reduced hepatotoxicity and superior antitumor activity [A19243].		
DB12443	Sonedenoson	investigational	Sonedenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Diabetic and Diabetes Complications.		
DB12444	Theanine	investigational	Theanine, a precursor of ethylamine, is found in green tea. It is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00291070 (Effects of L-Theanine in Boys With ADHD).		
DB12445	Nitroaspirin	investigational	Nitroaspirin has been investigated for the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.		
DB12446	Derenofylline	investigational	Derenofylline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congestive Heart Failure and Acute Decompensated Heart Failure; Renal Dysfunction.		
DB12447	Nadifloxacin	investigational	Nadifloxacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris.		
DB12448	Lifibrol	investigational	Lifibrol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Hyperlipoproteinemia and Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB12449	Tempol	investigational	Tempol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anal Cancer.		
DB12450	Propyl Gallate	investigational	Propyl Gallate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01450098 (A Study of LY2484595 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB12451	SCY-635	investigational	SCY-635 has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C and Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB12452	Caprylic alcohol	investigational	Caprylic alcohol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Essential Tremor.		
DB12453	Chlorine dioxide	investigational	Chlorine Dioxide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Halitosis.		
DB12454	Zalypsis	investigational	Zalypsis has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Ewing's Sarcoma, Endometrial Cancer, and Uterine Cervical Cancer, among others.		
DB12455	Omadacycline	approved,investigational	Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.		
DB12456	Bococizumab	investigational	Bococizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Cardiovascular Disease, and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB12457	Rimegepant	approved,investigational	Rimegepant is an oral antagonist of the CGRP receptor developed by Biohaven Pharmaceuticals.[L11028] It received FDA approval on February 27, 2020 for the acute treatment migraine headache.[L11974] While several parenteral antagonists of CGRP and its receptor have been approved for migraine therapy (e.g. [erenumab], [fremanezumab], [galcanezumab]), rimegepant and [ubrogepant] are the only members of the "gepants" family of medications remaining in development, and the only CGRP antagonists that possess oral bioavailability.[A189207]The current standard of migraine therapy involves abortive treatment with "triptans", such as [sumatriptan], but these medications are contraindicated in patients with pre-existing cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease due to their vasoconstrictive properties.[A189207] Antagonism of the CGRP pathway has become an attractive target for migraine therapy as, unlike the triptans, oral CGRP antagonists have no observed vasoconstrictive properties and are therefore safer for use in patients with contraindications to standard therapy.[A189330,A189207]		
DB12458	Muscimol	investigational	Muscimol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Epilepsy and Parkinson's Disease.		
DB12459	Belotecan	investigational	Belotecan has been investigated for the treatment of Epithelial Ovarian Cancer.		
DB12460	Conbercept	investigational	Conbercept has been investigated for the basic science of Age-related Macular Degeneration.		
DB12461	GLPG-0492	investigational	Glpg0492 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01130818 (First-in-Human Single Ascending Dose of GLPG0492).		
DB12462	Ralinepag	investigational	Ralinepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.		
DB12463	Semagacestat	investigational	Semagacestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12464	Bevenopran	investigational	Bevenopran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Renal Impairment and Opioid-Induced Constipation.		
DB12465	Ketanserin	investigational	Ketanserin has been investigated for the treatment of Septic Shock, Severe Sepsis, and Diabetic Foot Ulcer.		
DB12466	Favipiravir	approved,investigational	Discovered by Toyama Chemical Co., Ltd. in Japan, favipiravir is a modified pyrazine analog that was initially approved for therapeutic use in resistant cases of influenza.[A191688,A191721] The antiviral targets RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) enzymes, which are necessary for the transcription and replication of viral genomes.[A191688,A191772,A191775]Not only does favipiravir inhibit replication of influenza A and B, but the drug has shown promise in the treatment of avian influenza, and may be an alternative option for influenza strains that are resistant to neuramidase inhibitors.[A191721,L12090] Favipiravir has been investigated for the treatment of life-threatening pathogens such as Ebola virus, Lassa virus, and now COVID-19.[A191724,A191958,A191961]		
DB12467	TU-100	investigational	TU-100 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others.		
DB12468	Pf-04531083	investigational	Pf-04531083 has been investigated for the treatment of Pain and Chronic Pain.		
DB12470	Dexelvucitabine	investigational	Dexelvucitabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Human Immunodeficiency Virus.		
DB12471	MK-3118	investigational	SCY-078 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mycoses, Candidemia, Candidiasis, Invasive, and Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.		
DB12472	Levodropropizine	investigational	Levodropropizine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01573663 (A Drug-Drug Interaction Study of Ambroxol and Levodropropizine).		
DB12473	Taurolidine	approved,investigational	Taurolidine has been investigated for the prevention of Central Venous Catheter, Home Parenteral Nutrition, and Catheter-Related Infections.		
DB12474	Lynestrenol	approved,investigational	Lynestrenol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Transsexualism and Gender Dysphoria.		
DB12475	Biphenyl dimethyl dicarboxylate	investigational	Nissel has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Liver Disease.		
DB12476	CPG-52852	investigational	852A has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Neoplasms, Breast Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, and Cervical Cancer, among others.		
DB12477	Perfluoro tert-butylcyclohexane	investigational	Oxycyte has been used in trials studying the treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury.		
DB12478	Piribedil	investigational	Piribedil has been investigated in Parkinson's Disease.		
DB12479	Zabofloxacin	investigational	Zabofloxacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Community Acquired Pneumonia and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12480	Betulinic Acid	investigational	Betulinic Acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dysplastic Nevus Syndrome.		
DB12481	Barium	investigational	Barium is under investigation for the diagnostic of Known or Suspected Abdominal Disease.		
DB12482	Acotiamide	investigational	Acotiamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dyspepsia and Functional Dyspepsia.		
DB12483	Copanlisib	approved,investigational	Copanlisib is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. Copanlisib was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name Aliqopa for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is copanlisib dihydrochloride.		
DB12484	Tetrahydrouridine	investigational	Tetrahydrouridine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Lung Neoplasms, Breast Neoplasms, Sickle Cell Disease, and Head and Neck Cancer, among others.		
DB12485	Pimonidazole	investigational	Pimonidazole is under investigation for the diagnostic of Prostate Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.		
DB12486	Elobixibat	investigational	Elobixibat has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Dyslipidemia, Constipation, Chronic Constipation, Functional Constipation, and Chronic Idiopathic Constipation.		
DB12487	Promestriene	investigational	Promestriene has been used in trials studying the prevention of Hypospadias.		
DB12489	Mirvetuximab Soravtansine	investigational	Mirvetuximab Soravtansine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian cancer, Endometrial Cancer, Fallopian tube cancer, Epithelial Ovarian Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cancer, among others.		
DB12490	Forigerimod	investigational	Forigerimod is under investigation for the treatment of Lupus Erythematosus, Systemic.		
DB12491	Fasiglifam	investigational	Fasiglifam has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12492	Piritramide	approved,investigational	Piritramide is under investigation for the treatment of Colon Cancer and Minimal Residual Disease. Piritramide has been investigated for the supportive care of Pain, Postoperative and Postoperative Nausea and Vomiting.		
DB12493	PD-217014	investigational	PD-217,014 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain and Irritable Bowel Syndrome.		
DB12494	SGI-1776	investigational	SGI-1776 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma, and Relapsed/Refractory Leukemias.		
DB12495	Selepressin	investigational	Selepressin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Septic Shock.		
DB12497	Alagebrium	investigational	Alagebrium has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Aging, Heart Failure, Physical Activity, Diabetic Nephropathy, and Cardiovascular Disease, among others.		
DB12498	Mogamulizumab	approved,investigational	Mogamulizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) directed against CC chemokine receptor 4 (CCR4) for the treatment of Mycosis Fungoides (MF) and Sézary Syndrome (SS), the most common subtypes of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Cutaneous T-cell lymphomas occur when certain white blood cells, called T cells, become cancerous; these cancers typically affect the skin, causing various types of skin lesions [L4170].   On August 8 2018, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved mogamulizumab injection (also known as _Poteligeo_) for intravenous use for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mycosis fungoides (MF) or Sézary syndrome (SS) after at least one prior systemic therapy [L4168].Mogamulizumab is derived from Kyowa Hakko Kirin's POTELLIGENT (®) technology, which produces antibodies with enhanced antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) activity. Approval in Japan was granted on April 30 2012 by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for patients with relapsed or refractory CCR4-positive adult T-cell leukemia-lymphoma [A36741].		
DB12499	Clascoterone	approved,investigational	Clascoterone (cortexolone 17α-propionate, CB-03-01) is a novel antagonist of androgen receptors. It binds to androgen receptors with high affinity.[A218771] By competing with androgens for binding to androgen receptors, clascoterone works by blocking the androgen receptor signalling cascades that promote acne pathogenesis, such as sebaceous gland proliferation, excess sebum production, and inflammatory pathways.[A218846] In August 2020, FDA approved clascoterone for the first-in-class topical treatment of acne (acne vulgaris) in male and female patients 12 years and older.[L15621] Clascoterone is also being investigated as a novel treatment for androgenetic alopecia.[A218766]		
DB12500	Fedratinib	approved,investigational	Fedratinib, also known as SAR302503 and TG101348, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor used to treat intermediate-2 and high risk primary and secondary myelofibrosis.[A183176,L8090] It is an anilinopyrimidine derivative.[A183188]Fedratinib was granted FDA approval on August 16, 2019.[L8090]		
DB12501	ABT-384	investigational	ABT-384 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12504	JNJ-40346527	investigational	JNJ-40346527 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Health and Arthritis, Rheumatoid.		
DB12505	E-7820	investigational	E7820 has been investigated for the treatment of Colon Cancer and Rectal Cancer.		
DB12506	Fenamole	investigational	Fenamole has been investigated for the supportive care of Side Effects and Dental Plaque.		
DB12507	Atecegatran metoxil	investigational	Atecegatran metoxil has been used in trials studying the basic science and prevention of Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, Persistent or Permanent Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, and Persistent or Permanent Non-valvular Atrial Fibrillation.		
DB12508	E7107	investigational	E7107 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer.		
DB12509	Imeglimin	investigational	Imeglimin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12510	Ozone	investigational	Ozone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mild Asthma and Primary Apical Periodontite.		
DB12511	Imiglitazar	investigational	Imiglitazar has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12512	Verucerfont	investigational	Verucerfont has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia.		
DB12513	Omaveloxolone	investigational	Omaveloxolone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Relapsed, Refractory Melanoma and Metastatic or Incurable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12514	Iofolastat I-123	investigational	Iofolastat I-123 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00992745 (A Phase I Pilot Study Comparing 123I MIP 1072 Versus 111In Capromab Pendetide in Subjects With Metastatic Prostate Cancer).		
DB12515	9-aminocamptothecin	investigational	Aminocamptothecin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Gastric Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, and Ovarian Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12517	PF-00446687	investigational	PF-00446687 has been investigated for the treatment of Erectile Dysfunction.		
DB12518	Raclopride	investigational	Raclopride has been used in trials studying Parkinson Disease.		
DB12519	Sarcosine	investigational	Sarcosine has been investigated for the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12520	Plozalizumab	investigational	Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.		
DB12521	Methyl pyrrolidone	investigational	N Methyl Pyrrolidone is under investigation for the treatment of Multiple Myeloma.		
DB12522	Toreforant	investigational	Toreforant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Psoriasis, Hepatic Impairment, and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12523	Mizolastine	approved,investigational	Mizolastine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01928316 (A Bioequivalence Study of Domestic (Made in China) and Imported Mizolastine Tablets in Healthy Volunteers).	Mizolastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB12524	BI-671800	investigational	Bi 671800 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial.		
DB12525	Molgramostim	investigational	Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.		
DB12526	Batefenterol	investigational	Batefenterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12527	Sofinicline	investigational	Sofinicline has been used in trials studying the treatment of ADHD, Neuralgia, Diabetic, Diabetic Neuropathies, Diabetic Polyneuropathy, and Diabetic Neuropathic Pain, among others.		
DB12528	Glyceryl Trierucate	investigational	Glyceryl Trierucate has been investigated for the treatment of Adrenoleukodystrophy.		
DB12529	Nitrite	approved,investigational	Nitrite is under investigation for the treatment of Heart Failure.		
DB12530	Inebilizumab	approved,investigational	Inappropriate growth of or self-directed antibody production by B-cells is the etiological underpinning of a variety of conditions, including the multiple sclerosis-like neurological condition neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD).[A214283, A214286] Inebilizumab is a humanized afucosylated monoclonal IgG1 antibody directed against the broadly expressed B-cell surface antigen CD19. Inebilizumab is cytolytic, resulting in B-cell depletion and offering therapeutic benefit to patients suffering from NMOSD. Compared to the anti-CD20 antibody [rituximab], which is also used to treat NMOSD, inebilizumab has broader specificity.[A214280, A214289, A214292, A214295, A214298, A214301]Inebilizumab was granted FDA approval on June 11, 2020, for the treatment of anti-aquaporin 4 positive NMOSD patients.[L14315] Given its mechanism of action and good safety profile, it may prove useful in the treatment of other conditions linked to autoimmune antibody production or B-cell malignancies.[A214280, A214295]		
DB12531	Lobucavir	investigational	Lobucavir has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Cytomegalovirus Infections.		
DB12532	Oxetacaine	approved,investigational	Oxetacaine, also called oxethazaince, is a potent surface analgesic with the molecular formula N, N-bis-(N-methyl-N-phenyl-t-butyl-acetamide)-beta-hydroxyethylamine that conserves its unionized form at low pH levels. Its actions have shown to relieve dysphagia, relieve pain due to reflux, chronic gastritis, and duodenal ulcer.[A33104] Oxetacaine is approved by Health Canada since 1995 for its use as an antacid combination in over-the-counter preparations.[L1113] It is also in the list of approved derivatives of herbal products by the EMA.[L2816]		
DB12533	Cevipabulin	investigational	Cevipabulin has been used in trials studying the treatment and educational/counseling/training of Tumors and Neoplasms.		
DB12534	Mavrilimumab	investigational	Mavrilimumab has been investigated for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12535	AC-430	investigational	AC430 has been investigated for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12536	N-acetylmannosamine	investigational	N-acetylmannosamine is under investigation for the other of GNE Myopathy.		
DB12537	Benzodiazepine	approved,investigational	Benzodiazepine is under investigation for the prevention of Delirium and C.Surgical Procedure; Cardiac. Benzodiazepine has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Disorders of Gallbladder, Biliary Tract and Pancrease.		
DB12538	Nepadutant	investigational	Nepadutant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colic, Infantile Colic, and Infantile Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders.		
DB12539	Oltipraz	investigational	Oltipraz has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Liver Fibrosis, Liver Cirrhosis, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.		
DB12540	Lecozotan	investigational	Lecozotan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12541	SAR-405838	investigational	SAR405838 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasm Malignant.		
DB12542	GSK-356278	investigational	Gsk356278 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Anxiety Disorders, Huntington Disease, Depressive Disorder, Huntingtons Disease, and Depressive Disorder, Major, among others.		
DB12543	Samidorphan	investigational	Samidorphan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia, Alcohol Dependence, and Binge Eating Disorder.		
DB12545	Indobufen	investigational	Indobufen has been used in trials studying the supportive care and prevention of Atrial Fibrillation.		
DB12547	LY-2886721	investigational	LY2886721 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12548	Sparsentan	investigational	Sparsentan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis. Sparsentan is the first and only dual-acting angiotensin and endothelin receptor antagonist (DARA) in development.		
DB12549	Pyrazoloacridine	investigational	Pyrazoloacridine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Liver Cancer, Breast Cancer, Melanoma (Skin), and Metastatic Cancer, among others.		
DB12550	Taladegib	investigational	Taladegib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, BREAST CANCER, Advanced Cancer, and Rhabdomyosarcoma, among others.		
DB12551	Idazoxan	investigational	Idazoxan has been used in trials studying the basic science of Molecular Imaging, Alzheimer Disease, and Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12553	Fluocinolone	investigational	Fluocinolone has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Candida Infection, Oral Lichen Planus, Macular Degeneration, and Choroidal Neovascularization.		
DB12554	Mebeverine	approved,investigational	Mebeverine has been investigated for the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Post-cholecystectomy Gastrointestinal Spasms.		
DB12555	Nelotanserin	investigational	Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.		
DB12556	MK-5108	investigational	MK-5108 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Neoplasms, Tumors.		
DB12557	FK-614	investigational	FK614 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12558	AEE-788	investigational	AEE788 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Glioblastoma Multiforme, and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB12559	EC-17	investigational	Folate Fitc has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Ovarian Cancer.		
DB12560	Blosozumab	investigational	Blosozumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Osteoporosis and Osteoporosis, Postmenopausal.		
DB12561	WNT-974	investigational	WNT974 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer and Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Head And Neck.		
DB12562	Setipiprant	investigational	Setipiprant has been investigated for the treatment of Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB12563	MK-0686	investigational	MK0686 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Pain, Postoperative, and Neuralgia, Postherpetic.		
DB12564	Gemcitabine elaidate	investigational	Gemcitabine elaidate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor, Lung Cancer, Non-small-cell Lung Cancer, and Metastatic Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma.		
DB12565	Abexinostat	investigational	Abexinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Lymphoma, Leukemia, Lymphocytic, and Hodgkin Disease, among others. It is a novel, broad-spectrum hydroxamic acid-based inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC) with potential antineoplastic activity.		
DB12566	Decernotinib	investigational	Decernotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Drug Interactions and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12567	Camicinal	investigational	Camicinal has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gastroparesis.		
DB12568	Tecemotide	investigational	Tecemotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer and Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung.		
DB12569	Tonapofylline	investigational	Tonapofylline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure, Renal Insufficiency, and Congestive Heart Failure.		
DB12570	CC-223	investigational	CC-223 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Multiple Myeloma, Glioblastoma Multiforme, HepatoCellular Carcinoma, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, among others.		
DB12571	Rimacalib	investigational	Rimacalib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA).		
DB12572	Pexacerfont	investigational	Pexacerfont has been investigated for the treatment of Alcoholism, Anxiety Disorder, Alcohol Dependence, and Alcohol-Related Disorders.		
DB12573	LY-2452473	investigational	Ly2452473 is under investigation for the supportive care of Prostate Cancer. Ly2452473 has been investigated for the treatment of Erectile Dysfunction.		
DB12574	LY-295501	investigational	ILX-295501 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Metastatic Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cavity Cancer.		
DB12575	Ronopterin	investigational	Ronopterin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury.		
DB12576	AZD-3043	investigational	AZD3043 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Safety, Sedation, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics.		
DB12577	Fosbretabulin	investigational	Fosbretabulin has been investigated for the treatment of Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.		
DB12578	Lexaptepid Pegol	investigational	Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.		
DB12579	JNJ-37822681	investigational	JNJ-37822681 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12580	Tradipitant	investigational	Tradipitant has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Eczema, Pruritus, Gastroparesis, Chronic Pruritus, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others.		
DB12581	Ozarelix	investigational	Ozarelix has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH).		
DB12582	Piperine	investigational	Bioperine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma and Deglutition Disorders.		
DB12583	Maltodextrin	investigational			
DB12584	Bimagrumab	investigational	Bimagrumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Sarcopenia, Skeletal Muscle, Mechanical Ventilation, Sporadic Inclusion Body Myositis, and Sporadic Inclusion Body Myositis (sIBM), among others.		
DB12585	Ondelopran	investigational	Ondelopran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcohol Dependence.		
DB12586	Anhydrovinblastine	investigational	Anhydrovinblastine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12587	Razupenem	investigational	Razupenem has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Infections.		
DB12588	AZD-1480	investigational	AZD1480 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Malignancies, Post-Polycythaemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), and Essential Thrombocythaemia Myelofibrosis.		
DB12589	Dacetuzumab	investigational	Dacetuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, and Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse. It is a humanized anti-CD40 antibody and induces cytotoxicity in human multiple myeloma cells.		
DB12590	Indiplon	investigational	Indiplon has been used in trials studying the treatment of Insomnia and Depression.		
DB12591	BMS-911543	investigational	BMS-911543 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer.		
DB12592	EC-18	investigational	EC-18 has been used in trials studying the supportive care and treatment of Chemotherapy-induced Neutropenia.		
DB12593	Apaziquone	investigational	Apaziquone has been investigated for the treatment of Bladder Cancer and Bladder Neoplasms.		
DB12594	AZD-9056	investigational	AZD9056 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12595	Na-1	investigational	Na 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00728182 (Evaluating Neuroprotection in Aneurysm Coiling Therapy).		
DB12596	Combretastatin	investigational	Combretastatin has been investigated for the treatment of Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.		
DB12597	ABL-001	investigational	ABL001 has been used in trials studying the health services research of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia and Philadelphia Chromosome-positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.		
DB12598	Nafamostat	investigational	Nafamostat is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor that is commonly formulated with hydrochloric acid due to its basic properties. It has been used in trials studying the prevention of Liver Transplantation and Postreperfusion Syndrome. The use of nafamostat in Asian countries is approved as an anticoagulant therapy for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy due to acute kidney injury.		
DB12601	Sonolisib	investigational	Sonolisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma, Prostate Cancer, Advanced Solid Tumors, Advanced BRAF-mutant Cancers, and Non Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), among others.		
DB12602	Pentetreotide	approved,investigational	Pentetreotide has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of cushing syndrome.		
DB12604	Sisomicin	investigational	Sisomicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pyoderma.		
DB12605	Etripamil	investigational	Etripamil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Paroxysmal Supraventricular Tachycardia (PSVT).		
DB12606	Netivudine	investigational	Netivudine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chickenpox and HIV Infections.		
DB12607	Diridavumab	investigational	Cr6261 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02016066 (A Study to Assess the Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Immunogenicity of Diridavumab in Japanese Healthy Participants).		
DB12608	Emixustat	investigational	Emixustat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Age-Related Macular Degeneration, and Dry Age-related Macular Degeneration.		
DB12609	Tovetumab	investigational	Tovetumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Glioblastoma Multiforme, and Advanced Solid Malignancies.		
DB12610	Ebselen	investigational	Ebselen has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Meniere's Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12611	PF-477736	investigational	PF-00477736 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12612	Ozanimod	approved,investigational	Ozanimod is a once-daily sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator for the treatment of relapsing Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and inflammatory bowel disease. It was developed by Celgene(now acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb)[L11025] and was approved by the FDA on March 26 2020.[L12573,L12582]MS is a devastating inflammatory disease that often progresses and causes severe neurological, physical, and cognitive effects.[A176474] Inflammatory bowel disease also a chronic inflammatory condition and can cause persistent abdominal pain, diarrhea, bloody stools, and vomiting.[A189336]In clinical trials, Ozanimod has been shown to be well-tolerated and has resulted in a higher decrease in the rate of MS relapses than with intramuscular [interferon beta-1a], a current standard in MS therapy. Studies involving patients with inflammatory bowel disease have also shown promising results.[A189318,A189342]		
DB12613	Davunetide	investigational	Davunetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.Davunetide is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Davunetide is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein.		
DB12614	Reparixin	investigational	Reparixin has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Breast Cancer, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Pancreatectomy for Chronic Pancreatitis, Islet Transplantation in Diabetes Mellitus Type 1, and Pancreatic Islet Transplantation in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12615	Plazomicin	approved,investigational	Developed by Achaogen biopharmaceuticals, plazomicin is a next-generation aminoglycoside synthetically derived from [DB12604]. The structure of plazomicin was established via appending hydroxylaminobutyric acid to [DB12604] at position 1 and 2-hydroxyethyl group at position 6' [A33942]. It was designed to evade all clinically relevant aminoglycoside-modifying enzymes, which contribute to the main resistance mechanism for aminoglycoside therapy [A33942]. However, acquired resistance of aminoglycosides may arise through over expression of efflux pumps and ribosomal modification by bacteria, which results from amino acid or rRNA sequence mutations [A33942]. Like other aminoglycosides, plazomicin is ineffective against bacterial isolates that produce 16S rRNA methyltransferases [FDA Label]. Plazomicin mediates the antibacterial activity against pathogens including carbapenem-resistant (CRE) and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) producing _Enterobacteriaceae_. It mediates the antibacterial activity by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and inhibiting protein synthesis [FDA Label]. On June 28th, 2018, plazomicin sulfate was approved by the FDA for use in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) including Pyelonephritis. It is marketed as Zemdri and is administered via once-daily intravenous infusion.		
DB12616	Sprifermin	investigational	Sprifermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Cartilage Injury of Knee.		
DB12617	Mizoribine	investigational	Mizoribine has been investigated for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12618	Apocynin	investigational	Acetovanillone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchial Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12619	BMS-188797	investigational	BMS-188797 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12620	Nerve Growth Factor	investigational	Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.		
DB12621	ST-101	investigational	ST101 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Essential Tremor and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12622	Lupeol	investigational	Lupeol has been investigated for the treatment of Acne.		
DB12623	Taprenepag	investigational	Taprenepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ocular Hypertension and Glaucoma, Open-Angle.		
DB12624	Octenidine	investigational	Octenidine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02697162 (Antiseptic-coated Intermittent Urinary Catheter).		
DB12625	Evogliptin	investigational	Evogliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment and screening of Osteoporosis, Renal Impairment, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitis Type 2, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12626	Senrebotase	investigational	Senrebotase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuralgia, Postherpetic and Urinary Bladder, Overactive.		
DB12627	GSK-1292263	investigational	GSK1292263 has been investigated for the treatment of DIABETES MELLITUS, TYPE 2.		
DB12628	Methyl-D9-choline	investigational	Methyl-D9-choline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01807910 (ER Stress in NAFLD).		
DB12629	3,5-diiodothyropropionic acid	investigational	DITPA has been investigated in Congestive Heart Failure.		
DB12630	Isopentyl 2-cyanoacrylate	investigational	Isoamyl 2 Cyanoacrylate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02698644 (Hysteroscopic Tubal Occlusion With the Use of Iso Amyl-2-cyanoacrylate).		
DB12631	Aclerastide	investigational	Aclerastide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Foot, Diabetic Foot Ulcers, and Foot Ulcer, Diabetic.		
DB12632	JNJ-41443532	investigational	JNJ-41443532 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12633	BMS-184476	investigational	BMS-184476 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12634	Navicixizumab	investigational	Navicixizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02298387 (A Phase 1 Study of Navicixizumab in Subjects With Solid Tumors).		
DB12635	Aleplasinin	investigational	Aleplasinin has been investigated in Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12636	Samalizumab	investigational	Samalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma and B-cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.		
DB12637	Onapristone	investigational	Onapristone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Recurrent Prostate Cancer, Metastatic Prostate Cancer, Androgen-independent Prostate Cancer, and Progesterone Receptor Positive Tumor: Max 1 Line of Prior Chemotherapy, no Prior Hormone Therapy.		
DB12638	PU-H71	investigational	PU-H71 has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA, Solid Tumors, Metastatic Solid Tumor, and Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPN).		
DB12639	Telbermin	investigational	Telbermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Foot Ulcer, Diabetic, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.		
DB12640	CP-609754	investigational	LNK 754 has been investigated in Mild Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12641	Tedatioxetine	investigational	Tedatioxetine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12642	Olumacostat glasaretil	investigational	Olumacostat glasaretil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris.		
DB12643	Nelivaptan	investigational	Nelivaptan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anxiety Disorders, Depressive Disorder, and Major Depressive Disorder.		
DB12644	AZD-2066	investigational	AZD2066 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Pain, Chronic Pain, Reflux Episodes, Neuropathic Pain, and Diabetic Neuropathy, among others.		
DB12645	Givinostat	investigational	Givinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Polycythemia Vera, Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), Chronic Myeloproliferative Neoplasms, and Polyarticular Course Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.		
DB12647	Tocotrienol	investigational	Tocotrienol has been investigated for the treatment of Cholesterol Lowering.		
DB12648	Nona-arginine	investigational	Nona-arginine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00264706 (PolyArginine Treated vEiN grafTs (PATENT)).		
DB12649	Ibipinabant	investigational	Ibipinabant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity and Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.		
DB12650	L-deprenyl-D2 C-11	investigational	L-deprenyl-D2 C-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01701089 (A Study of RO4602522 in Patients With Alzheimer Disease and in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB12651	Bardoxolone	investigational	Bardoxolone has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA and Solid Tumors. It is a synthetic triterpenoid and a highly potent activator of redox-sensitive signaling pathways that induce programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells that are under high levels of intrinsic oxidative stress. In contrast, Bardoxolone in normal cells induces protective antioxidant/anti-inflammatory responses.		
DB12652	Endothelin-1	investigational	Endothelin 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00745693 (The Effects of Diesel Exhaust Inhalation on Vascular Function - the Role of Endothelin).		
DB12654	GSK-376501	investigational	GSK376501 has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12655	Patidegib	investigational	Patidegib has been investigated for the treatment of Conventional Chondrosarcoma.		
DB12656	Somatorelin	investigational	Somatorelin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Aging, Elderly, Sleep Disorders, Hormone Deficiency, and Mild Cognitive Impairment.		
DB12657	JNJ-42396302	investigational	Jnj 42396302 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01732237 (A Study to Investigate the Pharmacokinetics of JNJ-42396302, JNJ-53773187 and JNJ-42692507 in Healthy Male Participants).		
DB12658	AFN-1252	investigational	AFN-1252 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cellulitis, Burn Infection, Wound Infection, Cutaneous Abscess, and Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Bacterial Infections.		
DB12659	SJ-733	investigational	SJ-733 has been used in trials studying Malaria.		
DB12660	Samatasvir	investigational	Samatasvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic, Chronic Hepatitis C Virus, and Chronic Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB12661	Urapidil	investigational	Urapidil has been investigated for the treatment of Hypertension During Pre-Eclampsia.		
DB12662	Naveglitazar	investigational	Naveglitazar has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Non-Insulin-Dependent.		
DB12663	Letrazuril	investigational	Letrazuril has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Cryptosporidiosis.		
DB12664	Indantadol	investigational	Indantadol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cough and Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathic Pain.		
DB12665	Isoquercetin	investigational	Isoquercetin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Kidney Cancer, Renal cell carcinoma, Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma, Thromboembolism of Vein in Pancreatic Cancer, and Thromboembolism of Vein VTE in Colorectal Cancer, among others.		
DB12666	Emapunil	investigational	Emapunil has been used in trials studying the basic science and diagnostic of Baseline, Blocking Receptor Binding, and Neurodegenerative Disorders.		
DB12667	Protionamide	approved,investigational	Prothionamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of MDR-TB and HIV Infections.		
DB12668	Metenkefalin	investigational	Metenkefalin  is an endogenous opioid and beta-endorphin.[A203225] It has been shown to reduce chromosomal abberations in patients with multiple sclerosis.[A203210] Metenkefalin, along with [tridecactide], are under investigation as an immunomodulatory therapy for moderate to severe COVID-19.[L13874,L13877]		
DB12669	4SC-203	investigational	4SC-203 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.		
DB12670	Rolofylline	investigational	Rolofylline is under clinical development by pharmaceutical company NovaCardia for the treatment of congestive heart failure.		
DB12671	Beloranib	investigational	Beloranib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Over-weight, Type 2 Diabetes, Craniopharyngioma, and Hypothalamic Injury, among others.		
DB12672	Icaritin	investigational	Icaritin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Metastatic Breast Cancer, and Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC).		
DB12673	ATX-914	investigational	Axt914 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00417261 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamic and Pharmacokinetic Effects of Single and Multiple-Doses of ATF936 and AXT914 Administered Orally in Healthy Subjects.).		
DB12674	Lurbinectedin	approved,investigational	Lurbinectedin is a DNA alkylating agent that has been investigated in the treatment of a variety of cancers, including mesothelioma,[A214325] chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL),[A214328] breast cancer,[A214322] and small-cell lung cancer (SCLC).[A214310] It is a derivative of the marine-derived agent ecteinascidin ([trabectedin]), an anticancer agent found in extracts of the tunicate _Ecteinascidia turbinata_, with the primary difference being the substitution of the tetrahydroisoquinoline with a tetrahydro β‐carboline that results in increased antitumour activity of lurbinectedin as compared to its predecessor.[A214331]On June 15, 2020, the FDA granted accelerated approval and orphan drug designation to lurbinectedin for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic SCLC who have experienced disease progression despite therapy with platinum-based agents.[L14336] This accelerated approval is based on the rate and duration of therapeutic response observed in ongoing clinical trials and is contingent on the verification of these results in confirmatory trials.		
DB12675	PF-04995274	investigational	Pf 04995274 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01193062 (Study In Healthy Subjects To Evaluate The Changes In The Protein sAPP-Alpha In Cerebrospinal Fluid Following A Single Oral Dose Of PF-04995274).		
DB12676	Modufolin	investigational	Modufolin is under investigation for the treatment of Osteosarcoma.		
DB12677	Soblidotin	investigational	Soblidotin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Lung Cancer, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12678	Relamorelin	investigational	Relamorelin has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Gastroparesis, Gastric Motility, Diabetes Mellitus, Parkinson's Disease, and Chronic Constipation, among others.		
DB12679	WP 1066	investigational	WP1066 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Brain Cancer, Solid Tumors, and Central Nervous System Neoplasms.		
DB12680	Intepirdine	investigational	Intepirdine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12681	Salirasib	investigational	Salirasib has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung.		
DB12682	Mubritinib	investigational	Mubritinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Neoplasm, Renal Neoplasm, Breast Neoplasm, Ovarian Neoplasm, and Pancreatic Neoplasm.		
DB12683	Lumretuzumab	investigational	Lumretuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Breast Cancer, Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Non-Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12684	Aviscumine	investigational	Cy 503 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00658437 (Aviscumine for the Treatment of Malignant Melanoma Stage IV After Failure of Prior Therapy).		
DB12685	K-134	investigational	K-134 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.		
DB12686	PHA-793887	investigational	PHA-793887 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced/Metastatic Solid Tumors.		
DB12687	Vesatolimod	investigational	Vesatolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis B and Chronic Hepatitis B.		
DB12688	Moxetumomab Pasudotox	approved,investigational	CD22 is a lineage-restricted B-cell antigen that is expressed solely in on B-chronic lymphocytic leukemia, hairy cell leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemiathe and Burkitt's lymphoma. The predecessor of Moxetumab pasudotox (MxP), named BL22, was first created based on the antibody RFB4 which specifically binds to CD22. This antibody was used to generate a recombinant immunotoxin in which a stabilized Fv segment by a disulfide bond is fused to the _Pseudomonas_ exotoxin A (PE38) which does not have the cell-binding portion.[A38864] MxP appears as an improved form of BL22 by the mutation of the Fv region and the antibody phage-displayed. As well the residues SSY in the heavy chain are mutated to THW.[A38864] It was developed by Astra Zeneca and FDA approved on September 13, 2018, after being granted the status of Fast Track, Priority Review and Orphan Drug designations.[L4568]		
DB12689	Azeliragon	investigational	Azeliragon has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12690	LY-2584702	investigational	LY2584702 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Advanced Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, Metastases, Neoplasm, and Neuroendocrine Tumors, among others.		
DB12691	UK-432097	investigational	UK-432,097 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12692	Gusperimus	investigational	Gusperimus has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Wegeners Granulomatosis, and Wegener's Granulomatosis.		
DB12693	Ritanserin	investigational	Ritanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cocaine-Related Disorders.		
DB12694	CE-326597	investigational	CE-326,597 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity.		
DB12695	Phenethyl Isothiocyanate	investigational	Phenethyl Isothiocyanate has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Leukemia, Lung Cancer, Tobacco Use Disorder, and Lymphoproliferative Disorders.		
DB12696	BMS-582949	investigational	BMS-582949 has been investigated for the treatment of Psoriasis.		
DB12697	Methylselenocysteine	investigational	Methylselenocysteine has been used in trials studying the prevention of Prostate Carcinoma and No Evidence of Disease.		
DB12698	Ibalizumab	approved,investigational	Ibalizumab (also known as _ibalizumab-uiyk_ and formerly known as TNX-355) is a monoclonal antibody that binds to CD4 receptors on the surface of CD4-positive cells, preventing HIV particle entry into the lymphocytes. It is an advanced and current antibody in development for the treatment of HIV/AIDS.  It has been developed by Taimed biologics and Theratechnologies [L1558, L1554].This drug was approved in March 2018 for the management of treatment-resistant HIV [L1554].		
DB12699	Balugrastim	investigational	Balugrastim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB12700	Solamargine	investigational	Solamargine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Actinic Keratosis.		
DB12701	Intetumumab	investigational	Intetumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma.		
DB12702	Velusetrag	investigational	Velusetrag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gastroparesis and Alzheimer's Disease. It is a highly selective serotonin receptor agonist effective in patients with chronic constipation. It is being developed by Theravance. Velusetrag was discovered by Theravance through the application of its multivalent drug design in a research program dedicated to finding new treatments for GI motility disorders.		
DB12703	Omipalisib	investigational	Omipalisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of CANCER, Solid Tumours, and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.		
DB12704	Spiradoline	investigational	Spiradoline has been investigated for the basic science of Bipolar Depression.		
DB12705	Cenerimod	investigational	Cenerimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.		
DB12706	Seletalisib	investigational	Seletalisib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Primary Sjogren's Syndrome.		
DB12707	AR-42	investigational	AR-42 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Meningioma, Acoustic Neuroma, Testicular Lymphoma, Intraocular Lymphoma, and Vestibular Schwannoma, among others.		
DB12708	Sulprostone	investigational	Sulprostone has been used in trials studying Abortion, Induced.		
DB12709	Tributyrin	investigational	Tributyrin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12710	Perazine	approved,investigational	Perazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders, among others.		
DB12711	LTX-109	investigational	LTX-109 has been investigated for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis, Mild Eczema/Dermatoses, and Gram-positive, Skin Infections.		
DB12712	Pilsicainide	investigational	Pilsicainide has been investigated for the treatment of Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation.		
DB12713	Sotagliflozin	approved,investigational	Sotagliflozin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Renal impairment, Hepatic Impairment, Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, and High Level of Sugar (Glucose) in the Blood.		
DB12714	Nerispirdine	investigational	Nerispirdine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuritis, Optic Nerve, and Multiple Sclerosis.		
DB12715	MSX-122	investigational	MSX-122 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB12716	NB-001	investigational	NB-001 has been investigated for the treatment of Recurrent Herpes Labialis.		
DB12717	Mibampator	investigational	Mibampator has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12718	Carlumab	investigational	Carlumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer and Prostate Cancer.		
DB12719	Turofexorate isopropyl	investigational	Fxr 450 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00509756 (Study Evaluating Turofexorate isopropyl in Healthy Japanese Men).		
DB12720	Nivocasan	investigational	Nivocasan has been used in trials studying the treatment of HCV Infection and Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.		
DB12721	RO-5028442	investigational	RO5028442 has been used in trials studying Autistic Disorder.		
DB12722	N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant	investigational	N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).		
DB12724	AZD-7295	investigational	AZD7295 has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C.		
DB12725	TD-8954	investigational	TD-8954 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Enteral Feeding Intolerance and Gastrointestinal Motility Disorder.		
DB12726	Monteplase	investigational	Monteplase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Embolism.		
DB12727	Perfosfamide	investigational	Perfosfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Neuroblastoma, and Multiple Myeloma and Plasma Cell Neoplasm.		
DB12728	Fenpropidin	approved,experimental	Fenpropidin has been investigated for the treatment of Hernia.		
DB12729	ASP-3026	investigational	ASP3026 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor, B-Cell Lymphoma, Advanced Malignancies, Positive for Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase, and Positive for Proto-Oncogene Tyrosine-Protein Kinase ROS.		
DB12730	Dolastatin 10	investigational	Dolastatin 10 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Leukemia, Lymphoma, Liver Cancer, and Kidney Cancer, among others.		
DB12731	Daporinad	investigational	Daporinad has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma, and B-cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.		
DB12732	Firategrast	investigational	Firategrast has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis.		
DB12733	Dipraglurant	investigational	Dipraglurant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Parkinson's Disease. It is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM).		
DB12734	Demcizumab	investigational	Demcizumab is under investigation for the treatment of Nonsquamous Nonsmall Cell Neoplasm of Lung.		
DB12736	Etanidazole	investigational	Etanidazole has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Adult Ependymoma, Malignant Ascites, Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Mixed Glioma, and Adult Glioblastoma, among others.		
DB12737	Brontictuzumab	investigational	Brontictuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Adenoid Cystic Carcinoma, Relapsed or Refractory Solid Tumors, and Relapsed or Refractory Lymphoid Malignancies.		
DB12738	Tiplimotide	investigational	Tiplimotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis.		
DB12739	Bindarit	investigational	Bindarit has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Coronary Restenosis and Diabetic Nephropathy.		
DB12740	CC-115	investigational	CC-115 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Neoplasm Metastasis, Ewing's Osteosarcoma, Glioblastoma Multiforme, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.		
DB12741	DTP-348	investigational	Dtp348 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Head and Neck Neoplasms.		
DB12742	Amuvatinib	investigational	Amuvatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Small Cell Lung Carcinoma. Amuvatinib is an oral, selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.		
DB12743	Z-160	investigational	Z160 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Postherpetic Neuralgia and Lumbosacral Radiculopathy.		
DB12744	CGI-1842	investigational	JI-101 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Colon Cancer, Neuroendocrine, Ovarian Cancer, and Advanced Solid Tumors.		
DB12745	GSK-690693	investigational	GSK690693 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tumor, CANCER, and Lymphoma.		
DB12746	AKN-028	investigational	AKN-028 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia.		
DB12747	Tertomotide	investigational	Tertomotide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01223209 (A Study, Combination, Immunologic Study of LTX-315 as adjunct to tertomotide in Patients Following Curative Surgery for Carcinoma). It is a peptide vaccine that activates the immune system so that it recognizes and kills cancer cells. It is being developed by Pharmexa A/S.		
DB12748	LTX-315	investigational	LTX-315 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoma, Melanoma, Carcinoma, and Breast Cancer, among others.		
DB12749	Butylphthalide	investigational	Butylphthalide has been used in trials studying the prevention of Restenosis.		
DB12750	N-omega-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester	investigational	L-NAME has been investigated for the treatment of Hypotension and Spinal Cord Injury.		
DB12751	Malic acid	investigational	Malic acid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Xerostomia, Depression, and Hypertension.		
DB12752	Bucindolol	investigational	Bucindolol has been investigated in Heart Failure.		
DB12753	Racivir	investigational	Racivir, also known as RCV, is an oxothiolane nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor similar to emtricitabine and lamivudine. Racivir is a 50:50 mixture of emtricitabine [DB00879] and its positive enantiomer. Racivir has been used in trials studying the prevention of HIV Infections.		
DB12754	Iodide	approved,experimental	Iodide has been investigated for the treatment of Goiter, Nodular.		
DB12755	Zoptarelin doxorubicin	investigational	Zoptarelin doxorubicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Endometrial Cancer, and Urothelial Carcinoma, among others.		
DB12756	TAK-901	investigational	TAK-901 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Myelofibrosis, Multiple Myeloma, Myeloid Metaplasia, and Advanced Solid Tumors, among others.		
DB12757	Pelitrexol	investigational	Pelitrexol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12758	Atreleuton	investigational	Atreleuton has been used in trials studying the treatment of Atherosclerosis and Coronary Artery Disease.		
DB12759	Suptavumab	investigational	Suptavumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections.		
DB12760	GW-493838	investigational	GW493838 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuropathic Pain.		
DB12761	Timcodar	investigational	Timcodar has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12762	Rabacfosadine	investigational	Rabacfosadine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.		
DB12763	MK-1496	investigational	MK-1496 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms and Malignant.		
DB12764	Opaganib	investigational	Opaganib, also known as ABC294640, is a selective [sphingosine kinase-2 (SK2)](https://go.drugbank.com/polypeptides/Q9NRA0) inhibitor that is orally administered.[L27436] This drug has potential anticancer, anti-inflammatory, and antiviral activities, with potential applications in oncology, inflammation, the gastrointestinal system, and COVID-19.		
DB12765	Methyl isocyanate	investigational	Methyl isocyanate has been investigated for the treatment of Nosocomial Pneumonia.		
DB12766	Cicletanine	investigational	Cicletanine is under investigation for the treatment of Diabetes, Hypokalemia, Hyponatremia, and Arterial Hypertension.		
DB12767	Gaxilose	approved,investigational	Gaxilose has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Lactose Intolerance.		
DB12768	BCG vaccine	investigational	BCG vaccine has been investigated for the treatment of Neoplasms, Bladder Cancer, Neoplasms by Site, Urologic Diseases, and Urologic Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12769	Lometrexol	investigational	Lometrexol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Drug/Agent Toxicity by Tissue/Organ, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12770	Lafutidine	investigational	Lafutidine has been investigated in Peptic Ulcer, Community-acquired Pneumonia, and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD).	Lafutidine H2-Antihistamine Action	
DB12771	Hydroxytyrosol	investigational	Hydroxytyrosol has been used in trials studying the prevention of Breast Cancer.		
DB12773	Sifalimumab	investigational	Sifalimumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody targeting interferon-alpha. The levels of interferon-alpha are elevated in many patients with active systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE, or lupus) and other autoimmune disorders, and may be associated with disease activity. Sifalimumab may suppress the abnormal immune activity associated with lupus by binding to multiple interferon-alpha subtypes seen in the serum of lupus patients.		
DB12774	AZD-8055	investigational	AZD8055 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphomas, Solid Tumors, MALIGNANT GLIOMA, and brainstem glioma, among others.		
DB12775	Abituzumab	investigational	Abituzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer Metastatic.		
DB12776	E-6005	investigational	E6005 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis.		
DB12777	Somatoprim	investigational	Somatoprim is under investigation for the treatment of Acromegaly.		
DB12778	Rivipansel	investigational	Rivipansel has been used in trials studying the other, basic science, and treatment of Pain Crisis, Renal impairment, Anemia, Sickle Cell, Sickle Cell Disease, and Sickle Cell Disorders, among others.		
DB12779	Higenamine	investigational	Higenamine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01451229 (Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Higenamine in Chinese Healthy Subjects).		
DB12780	Quinfamide	investigational	Quinfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Amoebiasis and Helminthiasis.		
DB12781	Balaglitazone	investigational	Balaglitazone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12782	SCH-486757	investigational	Sch 486757 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cough.		
DB12783	Benserazide	approved,investigational	When levodopa is used by itself as a therapy for treating Parkinson's disease, its ubiquitous metabolism into dopamine is responsible for a resultant increase in the levels of circulating dopamine in the blood and to various extracerebral tissues. This can result in a number of side effects like nausea, vomiting, or even cardiac arrhythmias that may diminish patient adherence [F2, L2553]. A decarboxylase inhibitor like benserazide is consequently an effective compound to combine with levadopa as it is incapable of crossing the blood-brain barrier itself but acts to prevent the formation of dopamine from levadopa in extracerebral tissues - thereby acting to minimize the occurrence of extracerebral side effects [F2, L2553].Levodopa/benserazide combination products are used commonly worldwide for the management of Parkinson's disease. In particular, although the specific levodopa/benserazide combination is formally approved for use in Canada and much of Europe, the FDA has approved another similar levodopa/dopa decarboxylase inhibitor combination in the form of levodopa and carbidopa.Moreover, the European Medcines Agency has conferred an orphan designation upon benseraside since 2015 for its potential to be used as a therapy for beta thalassaemia as well [F3].		
DB12784	NS-018	investigational	NS-018 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Myelofibrosis, Post-Polycythemia Vera Myelofibrosis, and Post-Essential Thrombocythemia Myelofibrosis.		
DB12785	Furaprevir	investigational	Furaprevir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01523990 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and PK in Healthy Volunteers and HCV Genotype 1 Infected Patients).		
DB12786	Alvircept Sudotox	investigational	Alvircept Sudotox has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12787	Norethandrolone	investigational	Norethandrolone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00700544 (Treatment Outcome in Elderly Patients).		
DB12788	Glucagon-like peptide II	investigational	Glucagon-like peptide II is under investigation for the basic science of Short Bowel Syndrome.		
DB12789	Dinoprost	approved,investigational	Dinoprost has been investigated in Headache.		
DB12791	Laninamivir	investigational	Laninamivir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Influenza.		
DB12792	Boscalid	approved,experimental	Boscalid has been investigated for the treatment of OSDI, Glaucoma, Staining, Schirmers, and Disease Severity, among others.		
DB12793	Condoliase	investigational	Condoliase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lumbar Disc Disease, Lumbar Vertebra Hernia, and Intervertebral Disc Disease.		
DB12794	p-Quaterphenyl	investigational	p-Quaterphenyl has been used in trials studying the treatment of Malaria.		
DB12795	CMX-2043	investigational	CMX-2043 has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Non STEMI, Unstable Angina, Stable Coronary Artery Disease, and Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.		
DB12796	MRX-I	investigational	MRX-I has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Infections.		
DB12797	Ecromeximab	investigational	Ecromeximab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cutaneous Melanoma and Metastatic Melanoma.		
DB12798	Relenopride	investigational	Relenopride has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Idiopathic Constipation.		
DB12799	Laniquidar	investigational	Laniquidar has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer.		
DB12800	CHF-6001	investigational	CHF6001 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.		
DB12802	Picropodophyllin	investigational	Picropodophyllin has been investigated for the treatment of Non Small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12803	Dichloroisoproterenol	investigational	Dichloroisoproterenol has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Insulin Resistance and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.		
DB12804	Daniquidone	investigational	Daniquidone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12805	Ataciguat	investigational	Ataciguat has been investigated for the basic science of Aortic Valve Stenosis.		
DB12806	GSK-1004723	investigational	Gsk1004723 has been investigated for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis and Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal.		
DB12807	Naptumomab Estafenatox	investigational	Naptumomab Estafenatox has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, and Non-Small-Cell Lung Carcinoma.		
DB12808	Trifarotene	approved,investigational	Trifarotene is a topical retinoid cream used in the treatment of acne vulgaris that was first approved for use in the United States in October 2019.[L9013] Retinoids are a class of medications structurally and functionally analogous to [vitamin A], though later generation retinoids such as trifarotene and [adapalene] bear little structural resemblance to vitamin A and are analogous only in function.[A187081] Trifarotene is considered the first of the "fourth-generation" retinoids due to its uniquely selective activity - this selectivity appears to confer improved efficacy and reduced side effects as compared to older, less selective retinoids.[A187054]		
DB12809	BK-MDA	investigational	BK-MDA has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bladder Exstrophy and Urinary Incontinence.		
DB12810	AN-2718	investigational	An2718 has been used in trials studying Tinea Pedis.		
DB12812	Palomid 529	investigational	Palomid 529 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Age-Related Macular Degeneration.		
DB12813	Radium Ra-223	investigational	Radium 223 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02463799 (Ph 2 Study of Sipuleucel-T W/ or W/O Radium-223 in Men With Asymptomatic or Minimally Symptomatic Bone-MCRPC).		
DB12814	Cepeginterferon alfa-2B	investigational	Cepeginterferon alfa-2B is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01889433 (An Open-label Comparative Efficacy and Safety Study of Algeron (Cepeginterferon Alfa-2b) in Treatment-naive Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C).		
DB12815	Crotedumab	investigational	Crotedumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12816	Terpinen-4-ol	investigational	Terpinen-4-ol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01647217 (Demodex Blepharitis Treatment Study).		
DB12817	Zoliflodacin	investigational	Zoliflodacin has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Gonorrhoea.		
DB12818	NM-3	investigational	NM-3 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12819	GSI-136	investigational	GSI-136 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.		
DB12820	Concizumab	investigational	Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.		
DB12821	Perflubutane	approved,investigational	Perflubutane has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Liver Mass, Liver Diseases, Liver Metastasis, Portal Hypertension, and Peripheral Artery Disease. It is a cardiovascular drug designed to enable ultrasound to compete more effectively with nuclear stress testing; currently the leading procedure for detecting coronary heart disease.		
DB12822	Pancreatic Polypeptide	investigational	Pancreatic Polypeptide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1.		
DB12823	Tecarfarin	investigational	Tecarfarin has been used in trials studying the prevention of Thrombosis and Thromboembolism.		
DB12824	Monalizumab	investigational	Monalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gynecologic Cancer, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity.		
DB12825	Lefamulin	approved,investigational	Lefamulin is a pleuromutilin antibiotic used for the treatment of bacterial community-acquired pneumonia. A pleuromotilin is a more recently developed type of antibiotic that is derived from the fungus, Pleurotus mutilus.[A183206] Lefamulin is available in intravenous and oral preparations and was granted FDA approval in August 2019.[L8093]  This drug is the first semi-synthetic pleuromutilin that has been designed for systemic administration. Lefamulin features a novel mechanism of action that shows benefit against resistant bacteria that cause pneumonia.[A183161] The chemical structure of lefamulin contains a tricyclic mutilin core that is necessary for some of its antimicrobial activity.[A183167]		
DB12826	Depatuxizumab	investigational	Depatuxizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Adenocarcinoma and Advanced Solid Tumors.		
DB12827	Indoximod	investigational	Indoximod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioma, Melanoma, Ependymoma, Gliosarcoma, and Lung Cancer, among others.		
DB12829	Amithiozone	investigational	Amithiozone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mycobacterium Avium-intracellulare Infection.		
DB12830	Cebranopadol	investigational	Cebranopadol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Neoplasms, and Chronic Pain.		
DB12831	Gabexate	investigational	Gabexate is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor which has been used as an anticoagulant. It also known to decrease production of inflammatory cytokines. Gabexate has been investigated for use in cancer, ischemia-reperfusion injury, and pancreatitis.[A19218,A19219,A19220]		
DB12832	Prednimustine	investigational	Prednimustine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma.		
DB12833	Tandospirone	investigational	Tandospirone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12834	Secnidazole	approved	Secnidazole is a second-generation 5-nitroimidazole antimicrobial that is structurally related to other 5-nitroimidazoles including [DB00916] and [DB00911], but displays improved oral absorption and longer terminal elimination half-life than antimicrobial agents in this class [A27210]. Secnidazole is selective against many anaerobic Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria and protozoa. In September 2017, FDA granted approval to secnidazole under the market name Solosec as a single-dose oral treatment for bacterial vaginosis, which is a common vaginal infection in women aged 15 to 44 years. The antimicrobial therapy is only intended to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria [FDA Label].		
DB12835	Olipudase alfa	investigational	Olipudase alfa has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sphingomyelin Lipidosis and Human Acid Sphingomyelinase Deficiency.		
DB12836	Grapiprant	investigational,vet_approved	Grapiprant, also known as AT-001 and CJ-023, is a drug from the piprant class. These molecules were derived from acylsulfonamide and are characterized to be a novel series of para-N-acylaminomethylbenzoic acid known to be prostaglandin receptor antagonists.[A39838] This type of molecules is currently in development for veterinary patients.[A39816] This class of drugs was defined in 2013 by the World Health Organization.[L4766] Grapiprant has been approved in March 2016 by the FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine as a non-cyclooxygenase inhibiting NSAID for veterinary use.[A39836]		
DB12837	UK-500001	investigational	UK-500,001 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12838	Tetrasul	investigational	Tetrasul has been used in trials studying the treatment of Erythematous (Type One) Rosacea.		
DB12839	Pegvaliase	approved,investigational	Pegvaliase is a recombinant phenylalanine ammonia lyase (PAL) enzyme derived from _Anabaena variabilis_ that converts phenylalanine to ammonia and _trans_-cinnamic acid [A33284]. Both the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Agency approved pegvaliase-pqpz in May 2018 for the treatment of adult patients with phenylketonuria (PKU). Phenylketonuria is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that is characterized by deficiency of the enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) [A33284] and affects about 1 in 10,000 to 15,000 people in the United States [L2925]. PAH deficiency and inability to break down an amino acid phenylalanine (Phe) leads to elevated blood phenylalanine concentrations and accumulation of neurotoxic Phe in the brain, causing chronic intellectual, neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disabilities if untreated [A33284]. Individuals with PKU also need to be under a strictly restricted diet as Phe is present in foods and products with high-intensity sweeteners [L2925]. The primary goal of lifelong treatment of PKU, as recommended by the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG) guidelines, is to maintain blood Phe concentration in the range of 120 µmol/L to 3690 µmol/L [A33286]. Pegvaliase-pqpz, or PEGylated pegvaliase, is used as a novel enzyme substitution therapy and is marketed as Palynziq for subcutanoues injection. It is advantageous over currently available management therapies for PKU, such as [DB00360], that are ineffective to many patients due to long-term adherence issues or inadequate Phe-lowering effects [A33284]. The presence of a PEG moiety in pegvaliase-pqpz allows a reduced immune response and improved pharmacodynamic stability [A33284].		
DB12840	Pirnabine	investigational	Pirnabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Idiopathic Constipation.		
DB12841	Glial growth factor 2	investigational	Glial growth factor 2 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure.		
DB12842	Pegamotecan	investigational	Pegamotecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer of Stomach, Sarcoma, Soft Tissue, and Gastroesophageal Cancer.		
DB12843	Oleandrin	experimental,investigational	Oleandrin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer and Chemotherapeutic Agent Toxicity.		
DB12844	Rontalizumab	investigational	Rontalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.		
DB12845	Amatuximab	investigational	Amatuximab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Mesothelioma, Ovarian Cancer, Ovarian Neoplasms, Pancreatic Cancer, and Mesothelioma, Malignant, among others.		
DB12846	Reproterol	investigational	Reproterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Exercise-Induced.		
DB12847	Pyroxamide	investigational	Pyroxamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lymphoma, Small Intestine Cancer, Precancerous Condition, and Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others.		
DB12848	PF-04217903	investigational	PF-04217903 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12849	Clazakizumab	investigational	Clazakizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12850	Etalocib	investigational	Etalocib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12851	Miravirsen	investigational	Miravirsen has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C and Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12852	MK-0752	investigational	Mk 0752 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00572182 (MK0752 in Treating Young Patients With Recurrent or Refractory CNS Cancer).		
DB12853	DA-6886	investigational	DA-6886 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.		
DB12854	BMS-908662	investigational	BMS-908662 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma and Colorectal Cancer.		
DB12855	Apricitabine	investigational	Apricitabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12856	Timonacic	investigational	Timonacic has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12857	NVP-LEQ-506	investigational	LEQ506 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors, Recurrent or Refractory Medulloblastoma, and Locally Advanced or Metastatic Basal Cell Carcinoma.		
DB12858	LY-377604	investigational	Ly377604 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity.		
DB12859	Tantalum	investigational	Tantalum has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Osteoarthritis, Knee Osteoarthritis, Intraoperative Bleeding, and Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.		
DB12860	Actinium	investigational	Actinium has been investigated for the treatment of Breast Cancer and Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.		
DB12861	Rimeporide	investigational	Rimeporide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Muscular Dystrophy, Duchenne.		
DB12862	Glucose Oxidase	investigational	Glucose Oxidase has been investigated for the treatment of Upper Respiratory Tract Infections.		
DB12863	Sivelestat	investigational	Sivelestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Lung Injury and Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult.		
DB12864	Melarsoprol	investigational	Melarsoprol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00330148 (Randomized Clinical Trial of Three Drug Combinations for Late-Stage Gambiense Human African Trypanosomiasis).		
DB12865	Etelcalcetide	approved,investigational	Etelcalcetide is a calcimimetic drug for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients undergoing hemodialysis. Etelcalcetide was approved (trade name Parsabiv) for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (HPT) in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on hemodialysis in February, 2017.		
DB12866	Pradigastat	investigational	Pradigastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).		
DB12867	Benperidol	approved,investigational	Benperidol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders, among others.		
DB12868	Intoplicine	investigational	Intoplicine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12869	Eliprodil	investigational	Eliprodil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Parkinson Disease and Movement Disorders.		
DB12870	Buthionine Sulfoximine	investigational	Buthionine Sulfoximine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuroblastoma and Melanoma (Skin).		
DB12871	Burlulipase	investigational	Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.		
DB12872	Vonicog Alfa	approved,investigational	Vonicog Alfa is a recombinant von Willebrand factor manufactured by Baxalta. It was FDA approved in December 2015.[A32230] The gen of von Willebrand factor was first cloned in 1985 by Stuart Orkin and David Ginsburg.[L1849] By the EMA, vonicog alfa is still under clinical analysis.[L1862]		
DB12873	Dianhydrogalactitol	investigational	Dianhydrogalactitol has been used in trials studying the treatment of GBM, Glioma, Glioblastoma, Brain Cancer, and Glioblastoma Multiforme.		
DB12874	Quizartinib	investigational	Quizartinib is under investigation in Childhood Acute Myeloid Leukemia/Other Myeloid Malignancies. It is a potent inhibitor of FLT3.		
DB12875	Mavatrep	investigational	Mavatrep has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee.		
DB12876	GS-9256	investigational	GS-9256 has been used in trials studying the treatment of HCV Infection and Chronic Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB12877	Oxatomide	approved,investigational	Oxatomide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Muscular Dystrophy, Duchenne.	Oxatomide H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB12878	AV-101	investigational	AV-101 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuropathic Pain.		
DB12879	Omigapil	investigational	Omigapil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Muscular Dystrophy.		
DB12880	Interleukin-10	investigational	Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.		
DB12881	Indole-3-carbinol	investigational	Indole 3 Carbinol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00033345 (Indole-3-Carbinol in Preventing Breast Cancer in Nonsmoking Women Who Are at High Risk For Breast Cancer).		
DB12882	Ombrabulin	investigational	Ombrabulin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Neoplasms, Solid Tumor, Neoplasms, Malignant, and Advanced Solid Tumors, among others.		
DB12883	Eltoprazine	investigational	Eltoprazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia and Cognitive Impairment.		
DB12884	Lavoltidine	investigational	Lavoltidine has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Reflux, Gastroesophageal and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease.		
DB12885	CF-102	investigational	CF-102 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.		
DB12886	GSK-1521498	investigational	GSK1521498 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity and Alcoholism.		
DB12887	Tazemetostat	approved,investigational	Tazemetostat is a methyltransferase inhibitor used to treat metastatic or locally advanced epithelioid sarcoma not eligible for complete resection.[L11476] Tazemetostat was first named in literature as EPZ-6438.[A190363]Tazemetaostat was granted FDA approval on 23 January 2020.[L11476]		
DB12888	Ezutromid	investigational	Ezutromid has been investigated for the treatment of Muscular Dystrophy, Duchenne.		
DB12889	Velneperit	investigational	Velneperit has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity.		
DB12890	Dihydrexidine	investigational	Dihydrexidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of SPD, Cocaine-Related Disorders, and Schizotypal Personality Disorder.		
DB12891	Ozanezumab	investigational	Ozanezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.		
DB12892	MGB-BP-3	investigational	Mgb Bp 3 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02518607 (Safety, Blood Levels and Effects of MGB-BP-3).		
DB12893	Sacituzumab govitecan	approved,investigational	Metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (mTNBC) is an aggressive form of breast cancer with limited treatment options involving cytotoxic chemotherapy agents.[A193653] Targeted chemotherapy through the application of antibody-conjugated agents (ADCs) is a recent advance in cancer treatment.[A193671] One such ADC is sacituzumab govitecan, which combines a humanized anti-trophoblast cell-surface antigen 2 (TROP-2) antibody with the topoisomerase I inhibitor SN-38.[L13002, A193674]Sacituzumab govitecan was granted FDA approval on April 22nd, 2020 and is marketed under the brand name Trodelvy™ by Immunomedics, Inc.; it is currently indicated under accelerated approval for the treatment of mTNBC patients who have undergone two or more prior therapies. As a targeted cytotoxic agent, it is hoped to provide similar efficacy with reduced adverse effects.[A193653]		
DB12894	Raluridine	investigational	Raluridine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12895	TD-139	investigational	TD139 has been investigated for the treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.		
DB12896	PSI-352938	investigational	PSI-352938 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C and Hepatitis C, Chronic.		
DB12897	MK-7622	investigational	MK-7622 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12898	Calcitonin eel	investigational	HC-58 has been used in trials studying the prevention of Severe Upper Limb Hemiplegia.		
DB12899	TT-301	investigational	TT301 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury.		
DB12900	Irdabisant	investigational	Irdabisant has been used in trials studying Cognitive Impairment.		
DB12901	Fiacitabine	investigational	Fiacitabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Cytomegalovirus Infections.		
DB12902	Trofosfamide	investigational	Trofosfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ependymomas, Medulloblastomas, Sarcoma, Soft Tissue, Supratentorial PNETs, and Recurrent Brain Tumors.		
DB12903	DEBIO-1347	investigational	Ch5183284 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumours.		
DB12904	ZSTK-474	investigational	ZSTK474 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12905	Samarium Sm-153	investigational	Samarium 153 has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Pain, Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Metastatic Cancer.		
DB12906	LY-2334737	investigational	LY2334737 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor, Metastatic Tumor, and Malignant Solid Tumor.		
DB12907	Mannose	investigational	Mannose is under investigation for the basic science of IUGR and Pregnancy.		
DB12908	Denenicokin	investigational	Denenicokin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01152788 (Phase II Study of Interleukin-21 (rIL-21) vs Dacarbazine (DTIC) in Patients With Metastatic or Recurrent Melanoma).		
DB12909	Factor XIII (human)	approved,investigational	Factor XIII (human) is a heat-treated, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor XIII, an endogenous enzyme responsible for the crosslinking of fibrin and an essential component of the coagulation cascade [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously produced coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 A-subunits and 2 B-subunits (A2B2)[A32363]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [A18581]. Other drug products with similar structure and function to Factor XIII (human) include [DB09310], which is a recombinant form of the A subunit of human coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Factor XIII (human), which is purified from pooled human plasma, [DB09310] is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated [FDA Label].Factor XIII (Human), available as the commercially available product Corifact, is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for routine prophylactic treatment and peri-operative management of surgical bleeding in adult and pediatric patients with congenital FXIII deficiency [FDA Label]. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[A32363].		
DB12910	Emicerfont	investigational	Emicerfont has been used in trials studying the diagnostic and treatment of Social Anxiety Disorder and Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS).		
DB12911	Nicoboxil	approved,investigational	Nicoboxil has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Low Back Pain, where it is typically considered an effective and safe therapeutic option. Nevertheless, it is predominantly found paired with nonivamide as a combination topical analgesic product where its proposed mechanism of action as a rubefacient is complementary and ultimately synergistic with nonivamide's capsaicin activity [F11]. Such combination topical analgesics are only available for purchase and use (for humans) in some parts of Europe and Asia, like Germany and Australia [F11, F16].Despite topical nicoboxil/nonivamide topical analgesic medication being used since the 1950s, recent studies demonstrate continued interest in the medication(s) given its demonstrated efficacy, safety, and capability to be used as an alternative musculoskeletal pain therapy option with less systemic side effects when compared to the oral non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and opioids that may be more typically prescribed [A32785, A32786].		
DB12912	Nolatrexed	investigational	Nolatrexed is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00012324 (Nolatrexed Dihydrochloride Compared With Doxorubicin in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Unresectable Liver Cancer).		
DB12914	MGL-3196	investigational	MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.		
DB12915	Corticorelin acetate	investigational	Corticorelin acetate has been investigated for the treatment of Brain Edema and Brain Tumor.		
DB12916	Mitolactol	investigational	Mitolactol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.		
DB12917	Bimekizumab	investigational	Bimekizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psoriatic arthritis, Ankylosing Spondylitis, Chronic Plaque Psoriasis, and Mild to Moderate Psoriasis.		
DB12919	T-62	investigational	T-62 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Postherpetic Neuralgia.		
DB12920	Pinometostat	investigational	Pinometostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Acute Leukemias, Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.		
DB12921	Chlorsulfaquinoxaline	investigational	Chlorsulfaquinoxaline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer and Colorectal Cancer.		
DB12923	Gallopamil	investigational	Gallopamil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma.		
DB12924	Ozenoxacin	approved,investigational	To date, ozenoxacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of impetigo.As of December 11, 2017 the FDA approved Ferrer Internacional S.A.'s Xepi (ozenoxacin 1%) as a topically applied cream indicated for the treatment of impetigo caused by *Staphylococccus aureus* or *Streptococcus pyogenes* in adult and pediatric patients 2 months of age and older.Despite being a common and highly contagious bacerial skin infection that affects millions of children and adults in the United States each year, ozenoxacin cream is a novel, non-fluorinated quinolone that has demonstrated safe and effective therapy in both the adult and pediatric population.		
DB12925	Crolibulin	investigational	Crolibulin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor and Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer.		
DB12926	Cafedrine	investigational	Cafedrine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01311414 (Effect of Cafedrine/Theodrenaline and Urapidil on Cerebral Oxygenation).		
DB12927	Theodrenaline	investigational	Theodrenaline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01311414 (Effect of Cafedrine/Theodrenaline and Urapidil on Cerebral Oxygenation).		
DB12928	GET-73	investigational	Get 73 has been investigated for the treatment of Alcohol Dependence.		
DB12929	JNJ-39220675	investigational	JNJ-39220675 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.		
DB12930	Opipramol	investigational	Opipramol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders.		
DB12931	Fenobam	investigational	Fenobam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00637221 (Open Label Study Investigating Safety and Efficacy of Fenobam anhydrous 50 mg - 150 mg on Prepulse Inhibition Tests and Continuous Performance Tasks, Adults With Fragile X Syndrome).		
DB12932	Merotocin	investigational	Merotocin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Preterm Delivery.		
DB12933	RO-4987655	investigational	RO4987655 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB12934	Granotapide	investigational	Granotapide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type II Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB12935	Remogliflozin etabonate	investigational	Remogliflozin etabonate has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2.		
DB12937	Quercetin-3'-O-phosphate	investigational	Quercetin-3'-O-phosphate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Insulin Resistance and Impaired Glucose Tolerance.		
DB12938	Isoxaflutole	approved,experimental,investigational	Balance has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Renal Failure and Peritoneal Membrane Disorder.		
DB12939	Nikkomycin Z	investigational	Nikkomycin Z has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Coccidioidomycosis.		
DB12940	Helium He-3	investigational	Helium He-3 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00846014 (Asthma Exacerbation and Helium-3 MRI).		
DB12941	Darolutamide	approved,investigational	Darolutamide is a nonsteroidal androgen receptor antagonist for the treatment of castrate-resistant, non-metastatic prostate cancer (nmCRPC). This condition occurs in the majority of patients with advanced prostate cancer who have been treated with androgen receptor antagonists.[A189063] Though prior treatment for prostate cancer has been successful for these patients, the cancer eventually progresses to become resistant to existing therapies. This warrants further treatment.The goal of treatment with darolutamide is to delay the progression of prostate cancer to metastatic disease, increasing quality of life and life expectancy for those with advanced prostate cancer.[A189054,A189063] Darolutamide was developed by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals Inc. and approved by the FDA on July 30th, 2019.[L10887]		
DB12942	Lactitol	approved,investigational	Lactitol, also known as 4-β-D-galactopyranosyl-D-glucitol, is a sugar alcohol synthesized from [lactose].[A190918] It is used in food manufacturing as a nutritive sweetener and is approximately 35% as sweet as table sugar (i.e. [sucrose]).[A190912] Clinically, lactitol has been investigated for use as an osmotic laxative and, along with other non-absorbable disaccharides such as [lactulose], in the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy in patients with cirrhosis.[A190915,A190918]Pizensy, an oral lactitol powder for solution, was approved by the FDA for use in chronic idiopathic constipation in February 2020.[L11803]		
DB12943	Milatuzumab	investigational	Milatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Multiple Myeloma (MM), GVHD (Acute or Chronic), Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.		
DB12944	Phloroglucinol	investigational	Phloroglucinol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Colonoscopy.		
DB12945	Dihydralazine	approved,experimental	Dihydralazine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00311974 (The Effect of Dihydralazine on Kidney Function and Hormones in Healthy Individuals).		
DB12946	8-cyclopentyl-1,3-dipropylxanthine	investigational	CPX has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cystic Fibrosis.		
DB12947	Doxifluridine	investigational	Doxifluridine has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Cancer.		
DB12948	Didox	investigational	Didox has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Gastric Cancer.		
DB12949	PF-03382792	investigational	Pf 03382792 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01045863 (To Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Plasma Drug Levels And Other Biological Effects In Healthy Volunteers).		
DB12950	Albusomatropin	investigational	Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.		
DB12951	Pivagabine	investigational	Pivagabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Stress and Anxiety.		
DB12952	Methylprednisone	approved,investigational	Methylprednisone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Renal Transplantation, Kidney Transplantation, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.		
DB12953	Disitertide	investigational	Disitertide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Fibrosis.		
DB12954	Terizidone	approved,investigational	Terizidone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tuberculosis, HIV Infections, Multidrug Resistant Tuberculosis, and Extensively-drug Resistant Tuberculosis.		
DB12955	Delparantag	investigational	Delparantag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Angioplasty, Coronary Artery Disease (CAD), and Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.		
DB12956	Vantictumab	investigational	Vantictumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Pancreatic Cancer, and Stage IV Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB12957	5-fluoro-2'-deoxycytidine	investigational	5-fluoro-2'-deoxycytidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Lung Neoplasms, Breast Neoplasms, Head and Neck Neoplasms, and Urinary Bladder Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12958	Prothipendyl	investigational	Prothipendyl has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders.		
DB12959	IOWH-032	investigational	Iowh032 has been investigated for the treatment of Cholera, Diarrhea, and Secretory Diarrhea.		
DB12960	INCB-9471	investigational	INCB-9471 is a novel, orally available CCR5 antagonist that is part of a new class of drugs to treat HIV/AIDS. It is a potent, selective inhibitor of the HIV-1 virus.		
DB12961	Leukotriene B4	investigational	Leukotriene B4 has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB12962	CP-547632	investigational	CP-547632 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Lung Neoplasms, Ovarian Neoplasms, Peritoneal Neoplasms, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others.		
DB12963	CCX-354	investigational	CCX354-C has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB12964	Lerisetron	investigational	Lerisetron has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Nausea and Vomiting and Testicular Germ Cell Tumor.		
DB12965	Silver	approved,investigational	Silver (Ag) is a chemical element that belongs in the family of transition metals in the periodic table. It has a high electrical conductivity, thermal conductivity, and reflectivity. Silver exists as a pure elemental form, alloy with other metals, and mineral. Having critical roles in various applications inducing chemical and industrial fields, silver compounds have also been used in the field of medicine for centuries due to their broad-spectrum biological actions. Silver nanoparticles especially have been widely used in industrial, household, and healthcare-related products due to their potent antimicrobial activity. [DB11080] and [DB05245] have been used as topical antibacterial agents for the treatment of skin infections, while [DB05245] has also been valued for topical burn treatment [A33141]. Silver and its compounds have been used in trials studying the management of dental caries since the 1800s, and they may be found in dental pastes as an active ingredients. However, some drawbacks of dental use of silver compounds include tooth discolouration and pulp irritation [A33141].		
DB12966	Falnidamol	investigational	Falnidamol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12967	Mitoguazone	investigational	Mitoguazone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, HIV Infections, and Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin.		
DB12968	DONU	investigational	Donu has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psychosis.		
DB12969	Methylinositol	investigational	Methylinositol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB12970	Levoglucose	investigational	Levoglucose has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Bowel Cleansing Prior to Colonoscopy.		
DB12971	Pactimibe	investigational	Pactimibe has been used in trials studying the treatment of Atherosclerosis and Coronary Heart Disease.		
DB12972	Sepranolone	investigational	Sepranolone has been investigated for the treatment of Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder.		
DB12973	Serlopitant	investigational	Serlopitant has been investigated for the treatment of Prurigo Nodularis.		
DB12974	Roniciclib	investigational	Roniciclib has been investigated for the treatment of Small Cell Lung Carcinoma.		
DB12975	Pyronaridine	investigational	Pyronaridine has been investigated for the treatment of Malaria.		
DB12976	Robatumumab	investigational	Robatumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteosarcoma, Sarcoma, Ewing's, and Peripheral Neuroectodermal Tumor.		
DB12977	Simenepag isopropyl	investigational	Simenepag isopropyl has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ocular Hypertension and Glaucoma, Open-Angle.		
DB12978	Pexidartinib	approved,investigational	Pexidartinib is a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor that works by inhibiting the colony-stimulating factor (CSF1)/CSF1 receptor pathway. Pexidartinib was originally developed by Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. and it was approved by the FDA in August 2019 as the first systemic therapy for adult patients with symptomatic tenosynovial giant cell tumor.[L7901] Tenosynovial giant cell tumor is a rare form of non-malignant tumor that causes the synovium and tendon sheaths to thicken and overgrow, leading to damage in surrounding joint tissue.[A182240,L7901] Debilitating symptoms often follow with tenosynovial giant cell tumors, along with a risk of significant functional limitations and a reduced quality of life in patients.[L7901]While surgical resection is a current standard of care for tenosynovial giant cell tumor, there are tumor types where surgeries are deemed clinically ineffective with a high risk of lifetime recurrence.[L7895] Pexidartinib works by blocking the immune responses that are activated in tenosynovial giant cell tumors. In clinical trials, pexidartinib was shown to promote improvements in patient symptoms and functional outcomes in TGCT.[A182243] Pexidartinib is available in oral formulations and it is commonly marketed as Turalio.[L7901]		
DB12979	Nepicastat	investigational	Nepicastat has been investigated for the treatment of Cocaine Dependence and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.		
DB12980	CHS-828	investigational	CHS-828 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12981	XL-888	investigational	XL888 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer and Melanoma.		
DB12982	Silicon	approved,investigational	Silicon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).		
DB12983	Phthalocyanine	investigational	Phthalocyanine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).		
DB12984	Larotaxel	investigational	Larotaxel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Metastases, Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Pancreatic Neoplasms, among others.		
DB12985	Quisinostat	investigational	Quisinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Neoplasms, Myelodysplastic Syndromes, and Advanced or Refractory Leukemia.		
DB12986	VS-5584	investigational	VS-5584 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Metastatic Cancer, and Non Hematologic Cancers.		
DB12987	Penclomedine	investigational	Penclomedine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB12988	LY-518674	investigational	LY518674 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Metabolic Syndrome X.		
DB12989	Neosaxitoxin	investigational	Neosaxitoxin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01786655 (Safety Study of Long-Acting Local Anesthetic).		
DB12990	Icosabutate	investigational	Icosabutate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02373176 ([14C] Icosabutate -A Phase I Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion Study).		
DB12991	Deoxyspergualin	investigational	Deoxyspergualin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Chronic Rejection, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1.		
DB12992	Bleomycin A6	investigational	Bleomycin A6 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Squamous Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB12993	Berkelium	investigational	Berkelium is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02189122 (Comparative Effects of Aspirin and NHP-544C).		
DB12994	MIP-1095 I-123	investigational	123 I Mip 1095 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00712829 (Study to Evaluate the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, Tissue Distribution, Metabolism and Dosimetry of Two Prostate Cancer Imaging Agents).		
DB12996	Acteoside	investigational	Acteoside is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02662283 (Validity and Security of Reh-acteoside Therapy for Patients of IgA Nephropathy).		
DB12997	Brilacidin	investigational	Brilacidin is under investigation for the supportive care of Mucositis, Stomatitis, Mouth Diseases, and Head and Neck Neoplasms.		
DB12998	PF-00217830	investigational	PF-00217830 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB12999	MK-6186	investigational	MK6186 has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection.		
DB13000	PCI-27483	investigational	PCI-27483 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, Ductal Adrenocarcinoma, and Exocrine Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB13001	Tinoridine	investigational	Tinoridine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01224756 (Efficacy of Tinoridine in Treating Pain and Inflammation in Adults).		
DB13002	HKI-357	investigational	Hki 357 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00550381 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics (PK) of HKI-357 Administered Orally to Healthy Subjects).		
DB13003	Cortivazol	investigational	Cortivazol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00804895 (Cluster Headache Cortivazol Injection (CHCI)).		
DB13004	Mavoglurant	investigational	Mavoglurant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Patient Diagnosed With OCD and and Resistant to SSRI Treatment (Failed SSRI Over 12 Weeks at Appropriate Doses).		
DB13005	Rebastinib	investigational	Rebastinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia. It is an inhibitor of Tie2 tyrosine kinase receptor and an antineoplastic agent.		
DB13006	Cibinetide	investigational	Cibinetide has been used in trials studying the basic science of Depression.		
DB13007	Enfortumab vedotin	approved,investigational	Enfortumab vedotin is an antibody-drug conjugate used in the treatment of patients with advanced, treatment-resistant urothelial cancers.[L10836] It is comprised of a fully human monoclonal antibody targeted against Nectin-4 and a microtubule-disrupting chemotherapeutic agent, monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE), joined by a protease-cleavable link.[L10836] It is similar to [brentuximab vedotin], another antibody conjugated with MMAE that targets CD-30 instead of Nectin-4.The clinical development of enfortumab vedotin was the result of a collaboration between Astellas Pharma and Seattle Genetics[A188868] and it was first approved for use in the United States in December 2019 under the brand name Padcev<sup>TM</sup>.[L10836]		
DB13008	2,2-bis(4-hydroxy-3-tert-butylphenyl)propane	investigational	TBD has been used in trials studying the treatment of Adenocarcinoma.		
DB13009	Carbendazim	investigational	Carbendazim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.		
DB13010	4-isothioureidobutyronitrile	investigational	Thioureidobutyronitrile has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Ovarian cancer.		
DB13011	Diethylhomospermine	investigational	Diethylhomospermine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diarrhea and HIV Infections.		
DB13012	AQX-1125	investigational	AQX-1125 has been used in trials studying the treatment of COPD, Atopic Dermatitis, Interstitial Cystitis, and Bladder Pain Syndrome.		
DB13013	LFF-571	investigational	LFF571 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Moderate Clostridium Difficile Infection.		
DB13014	Hypericin	investigational	Hypericin is under investigation for the treatment of Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma.		
DB13016	LY-2300559	investigational	Ly2300559 has been used in trials studying the prevention of Migraine Headache.		
DB13017	Rovalpituzumab Tesirine	investigational	Rovalpituzumab Tesirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of GLIOBLASTOMA, Malignant Melanoma, Other Solid Tumors, Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Medullary Thyroid Cancer, among others.		
DB13018	Dimiracetam	investigational	Dimiracetam has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIDS, Neuropathy, and Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.		
DB13019	Henatinib	investigational	Henatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Cancer.		
DB13020	Apratastat	investigational	Tmi 005 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00095342 (Study Evaluating TMI-005 in Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB13021	123I-iodometomidate	investigational	123I-iodometomidate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00454103 (Evaluation of 123I-Iodometomidate for Adrenal Scintigraphy).		
DB13022	LY-2874455	investigational	LY2874455 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Cancer.		
DB13023	IPI-493	investigational	IPI-493 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Malignancies.		
DB13024	MK-8245	investigational	MK-8245 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB13025	Tiapride	investigational	Tiapride is a selective D2 and D3 dopamine receptor blocker in the brain.		
DB13026	Ornidazole	investigational	Ornidazole has been used in trials studying the prevention of Elective Colorectal Surgery.		
DB13027	Tucaresol	investigational	Tucaresol has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB13028	Biapenem	investigational	Biapenem has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Infections.		
DB13029	MK-0873	investigational	MK-0873 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB13030	2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil	investigational	2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil (FAU) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Small Intestine Lymphoma, Stage IV Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Waldenström Macroglobulinemia, Splenic Marginal Zone Lymphoma, and Recurrent Mantle Cell Lymphoma, among others.		
DB13031	Niobium	investigational	Niobium has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity and Overweight.		
DB13032	Enecadin	investigational	Enecadin has been investigated for the treatment of Stroke.		
DB13033	Urocortin-2	investigational	Urocortin 2 has been investigated for the basic science of Heart Failure and Cardiovascular Disease.		
DB13034	Foxy-5	investigational	Foxy-5 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Metastatic Colon Cancer, Metastatic Breast Cancer, and Metastatic Prostate Cancer.		
DB13035	AG-24322	investigational	AG-024322 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms and Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin.		
DB13036	Ramatroban	investigational	Ramatroban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma.		
DB13037	Namilumab	investigational	Namilumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Plaque Psoriasis and Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB13038	Glyceryl Trioleate	investigational	Glyceryl Trioleate has been investigated for the treatment of Adrenoleukodystrophy.		
DB13039	Aminaphthone	investigational	Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.		
DB13040	Gandotinib	investigational	Gandotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelofibrosis, Polycythemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis, Thrombocythemia, Essential, and Myeloproliferative Disorders, among others.		
DB13041	Odalasvir	investigational	Odalasvir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic and Chronic Hepatitis C Infection.		
DB13042	Fenoverine	investigational	Fenoverine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.		
DB13044	Gossypol	investigational	Gossypol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB13045	Racotumomab	investigational	Racotumomab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioma, Wilm's Tumor, Neuroblastoma, Retinoblastoma, and Ewing's Sarcoma.		
DB13046	Tocladesine	investigational	Tocladesine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer and Multiple Myeloma and Plasma Cell Neoplasm.		
DB13047	Pentavalent Antimony	investigational	Pentavalent Antimony has been investigated for the treatment of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis.		
DB13048	PAC-1	investigational	PAC-1 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Melanoma, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Thoracic Cancers, among others.		
DB13049	Lobaplatin	investigational	Lobaplatin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Lobaplatin and Gemcitabine in Combination, Second-line Treatments on Advanced Osteosarcoma.		
DB13050	Tirilazad	investigational	Tirilazad has been used in trials studying the treatment of Spinal Cord Injury.		
DB13051	CH-5132799	investigational	CH5132799 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13052	Upamostat	investigational	Upamostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer.		
DB13053	CP-195543	investigational	CP-195,543 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Arthritis, Rheumatoid.		
DB13054	ACT-451840	investigational	ACT-451840 has been used in trials studying Malaria.		
DB13055	Oteseconazole	investigational	Oteseconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis, Onychomycosis, Candidiasis, Vulvovaginal, and Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.		
DB13056	Irsogladine	investigational	Irsogladine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02581696 (The Drug-drug Interaction and Safety of Lafutidine and Irsogladine Maleate in Healthy Adult Volunteers).		
DB13057	Torapsel	investigational	Torapsel has been used in trials studying the prevention of Ischemia Reperfusion Injury.		
DB13058	Methanesulfonyl Fluoride	investigational	Methanesulfonyl Fluoride has been used in trials studying the treatment of Safety.		
DB13059	PF-03814735	investigational	PF-03814735 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13060	CEP-37440	investigational	CEP-37440 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13061	MLN8054	investigational	MLN8054 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colon Neoplasm, Breast Neoplasm, Bladder Neoplasm, Pancreatic Neoplasm, and Advanced Malignancies.		
DB13062	ME-344	investigational	ME-344 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13063	Parthenolide	approved,investigational	Parthenolide has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Allergic Contact Dermatitis.		
DB13064	Tramazoline	investigational	Tramazoline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01601509 (Nasal Tramazoline and Dexamethazone in Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) Patients Tramazoline and).		
DB13065	LY-2811376	investigational	LY2811376 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB13066	Liarozole	investigational	Liarozole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ichthyosis, Lamellar.		
DB13067	Rotigaptide	investigational	Rotigaptide is under investigation for the basic science of Heart Disease and Vascular Disease.		
DB13068	9-(N-methyl-L-isoleucine)-cyclosporin A	investigational	9-(N-methyl-L-isoleucine)-cyclosporin A (NIM811) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C Genotype-1 Relapse.		
DB13069	Nimustine	investigational	Nimustine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma.		
DB13070	Surinabant	investigational	Surinabant has been investigated for the treatment of Smoking Cessation.		
DB13071	Creatinolfosfate	investigational	COP is under investigation for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis, Mature B-Cell Lymphoma, and Noninflammatory Degenerative Joint Disease. COP has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy.		
DB13072	GDC-0349	investigational	GDC-0349 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Solid Tumor.		
DB13073	Tregalizumab	investigational	Tregalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis.		
DB13074	Macimorelin	approved,investigational	Macimorelin, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, macimorelin is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels [A31481]. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer. Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function [A31484]. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies [A31481]. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test [A31481]. Macimorelin is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, macimorelin stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability [A31481].Macimorelin, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution.		
DB13075	Menaquinone 7	investigational	Menaquinone 7 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00402974 (The Effect of Vitamin K Supplementation on Osteocalcin Carboxylation in Healthy Children).		
DB13076	Yttrium Y-90	approved,investigational	Yttrium 90 has been investigated for the treatment of Colon Cancer and Colorectal Cancer.		
DB13077	LCB01-0371	investigational	Lcb01 0371 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01554995 (A Clinical Study, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Single Dose Study).		
DB13078	KOSN-1724	investigational	KOSN-1724 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01379287 (Dose-Escalation Safety and Pharmacokinetic Study of Iso-Fludelone in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB13080	Roluperidone	investigational	Roluperidone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia.		
DB13082	Nefiracetam	investigational	Nefiracetam has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease.		
DB13083	Talarozole	investigational	Talarozole has been investigated for the treatment of Psoriasis and Cutaneous Inflammation.		
DB13084	Pyritinol	investigational	Pyritinol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders.		
DB13085	Riamet	approved,investigational	Riamet has been investigated for the treatment of Malaria, Malaria, Falciparum, Malaria in Pregnancy, Uncomplicated Malaria, and Uncomplicated Knowlesi Malaria.		
DB13086	SCYX-7158	investigational	SCYX-7158 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Trypanosomiasis, Parasitic Diseases, Protozoan Infections, and Trypanosomiasis, African.		
DB13087	Miridesap	investigational	Miridesap has been used in trials studying the prevention of HIV.		
DB13088	AZD-0424	investigational	AZD0424 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumours.		
DB13089	Enoxolone	investigational	Enoxolone (glycyrrhetic acid) has been investigated for the basic science of Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess (AME).		
DB13090	Zidebactam	investigational	Zidebactam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02674347 (MAD Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Intravenous Zidebactam in Healthy Adults).		
DB13091	Tiropramide	investigational	Tiropramide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01629212 (Comparison of the Efficacy and Safety of Tiropramide and Octylonium in the Treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome).		
DB13092	Meclocycline	investigational	Meclocycline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00385515 (Efficacy of SNX-1012 in the Treatment of Oral Mucositis) [L797].		
DB13093	TAK-593	investigational	TAK-593 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13094	Pruvanserin	investigational	Pruvanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders.		
DB13095	JTK-853	investigational	JTK-853 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C Virus Infection, Response to Therapy of.		
DB13096	Gacyclidine	investigational	Gacyclidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinnitus.		
DB13097	1alpha-Hydroxyvitamin D5	investigational	1alpha-Hydroxyvitamin D5 (CARD-024) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Drug Safety and Heart; Disease, Activity.		
DB13098	CT-2584	investigational	CT-2584 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer.		
DB13099	Valnoctamide	investigational	Valnoctamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mania and Schizoaffective Disorder, Manic Type.		
DB13100	Biguanide	approved,investigational	Biguanide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus.		
DB13101	4SC-202	investigational	4SC-202 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Hematologic Malignancies.		
DB13102	AZD-8418	investigational	Azd8418 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01027234 (This Study Will Assess the Safety and Tolerability of AZD8418 After Single Increasing Oral Doses).		
DB13103	GPX-150	investigational	GPX-150 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Soft Tissue Sarcoma and Advanced Solid Tumors - Phase 1 Population.		
DB13104	X-396	investigational	X-396 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors and Non-small Cell Lung Cancer.		
DB13105	Resolvin E1	investigational	Resolvin E1 (RX 10001) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00941018 (Single and Multiple Ascending Oral Dose Study of Resolvin E1 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB13106	Glycovir	investigational	Glycovir has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.		
DB13107	QGC-001	investigational	QGC001 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Essential Hypertension.		
DB13108	Mephedrone	investigational	Mephedrone has been investigated in Alcohol-Related Disorders and Amphetamine-Related Disorders.		
DB13109	PKI-179	investigational	PKI-179 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Malignant Solid Tumors.		
DB13110	Antimony	investigational	Antimony has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis.		
DB13111	Chromanol	investigational	Chromanol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer.		
DB13112	Dolcanatide	investigational	Dolcanatide has been investigated in Exposure.		
DB13113	JNJ-38877605	investigational	JNJ-38877605 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms.		
DB13114	Amitriptylinoxide	approved,investigational	Amitriptylinoxide has been used in trials studying Major Depression.		
DB13115	Saroglitazar	investigational	Saroglitazar has been investigated for the treatment of Fatty Liver.		
DB13116	Norflurane	approved,experimental	Norflurane is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01673061 (Vapocoolant Spray for Numbing Small Boils Before Incision and Drainage).		
DB13117	Pentafluoropropane	approved,investigational	Pentafluoropropane is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01673061 (Vapocoolant Spray for Numbing Small Boils Before Incision and Drainage).		
DB13118	Paquinimod	investigational	Paquinimod is developed for the treatment of SLE (Systemic Lupus Erythematosus), which is an autoimmune disease. The disease affects mainly women of fertile age and progresses in flares with relatively symptom free periods in between. Current treatments of SLE are NSAID (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs), corticosteroids, antimalarians or cytotoxic drugs like for example Cyclophosphamide. The autoimmune attack affects several different organ systems and many patients suffer from serious secondary disease symptoms such as renal disorders as the disease progresses.		
DB13119	GSK-364735	investigational	GSK-364735 (Naphthyridinone) has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection and Infection, Human Immunodeficiency Virus.		
DB13120	Deferitazole	investigational	Deferitazole has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Beta-thalassemia, Hepatic Impairment, Impaired Renal Function, Transfusional Iron Overload, and Iron Overload Due to Repeated Red Blood Cell Transfusions.		
DB13121	Hydroxypropyl tetrahydropyrantriol	investigational	Hydroxypropyl tetrahydropyrantriol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Aging.		
DB13122	Trabodenoson	investigational	Trabodenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ocular Hypertension (OHT) and Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma (POAG).		
DB13123	OTX-008	investigational	OTX008 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors.		
DB13124	Troxerutin	investigational	Troxerutin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Venous Insufficiency.		
DB13125	Lusutrombopag	approved,investigational	Lusutrombopag is an orally bioavailable thrombopoietin receptor (TPOR) agonist developed by Shionogi & Company (Osaka, Japan). TPOR is a regulatory target site for endogenous thrombopoietin, which acts as a primary cytokine to promote megakaryocyte proliferation and differentiation, and affect other hematopoietic lineages as well, including erythroid, granulocytic and lymphoid lineages [A36736]. Thrombocytopenia, which indicates abnormally low levels of platelets, is a common complication related to chronic liver disease. This hematological abnormality, especially in cases of severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count <50,000/μL), creates challenges to patients requiring invasive medical procedures where there is a significant risk for spontaneous bleeding [A36732]. Lusutrombopag binds to the transmembrane domain of TPOR expressed on megakaryocytes, and causes the proliferation and differentiation of megakaryocytic progenitor cells from hematopoietic stem cells [FDA Label]. In September 2015, lusutrombopag received its first global approval in Japan to reduce the need for platelet transfusion in adults with chronic liver disease and thrombocytopenia who are schedule to undergo an invasive medical procedure [A36730]. Lusutrombopag was approved by the FDA on July 31st, 2018 for the same therapeutic indication under the market name Mulpleta. In two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials, patients with chronic liver disease and severe thrombocytopenia who were undergoing an invasive procedure with a platelet count less than 50 x 10^9/L were administered lusutrombopag orally [L4166]. Higher percentages (65-78%) of the patients receiving lusutrombopag required no platelet transfusion prior to the primary invasive procedure compared to those receiving placebo [L4166]. Lusutrombopag is currently in phase III development in various European countries including Austria, Belgium, Germany, and the UK [A36730].		
DB13126	BMS-986115	investigational	BMS-986115 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Various Advanced Cancer.		
DB13127	Olokizumab	investigational	Olokizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Crohn's Disease.		
DB13128	Sizofiran	investigational	A beta-D-glucan obtained from the Aphyllophoral fungus Schizophyllum commune. It is used as an immunoadjuvant in the treatment of neoplasms, especially tumors found in the stomach. Sizofiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cervical Cancer.		
DB13129	Trimegestone	investigational	Trimegestone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Postmenopause.		
DB13131	Serrapeptase	investigational	Serrapeptase is a proteolytic enzyme preparation used concomitantly with an antibiotic in osteoarticular infections. Serratiopeptidase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02493179 (Efficacy Evaluation of the (Serodase 5 mg Tablet) in the Treatment of Inflammation After Third Molar Surgery).		
DB13132	Artemisinin	investigational	Artemisinin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia, Malaria, Falciparum, and Plasmodium Falciparum.		
DB13133	Von Willebrand Factor Human	approved,investigational	von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[A32268] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[L1878]		
DB13134	Fluorine F-18	investigational	Fluorine-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00870974 (A PET Brain Imaging Study of mGluR5 in Subjects With Neuropsychiatric Conditions).		
DB13135	AGN-201904	investigational	Agn 201904 has been used in trials studying the prevention of Peptic Ulcer.		
DB13136	Fluindione	approved,investigational	Fluindione is under investigation for the treatment of Venous Thrombosis, Pulmonary Embolism, Permanent Atrial Fibrillation, and Anticoagulating Treatment on a Duration at Least 12-month-old Superior. Fluindione has been investigated for the treatment of Blood Coagulation Disorders.		
DB13137	PM-060184	investigational	PM060184 has been used in trials studying Solid Tumors.		
DB13138	Neladenoson bialanate	investigational	Neladenoson bialanate has been investigated for the treatment of Heart Failure.		
DB13139	Levosalbutamol	approved,investigational	Levosalbutamol, or levalbuterol, is a short-acting β2 adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). [Salbutamol] has been marketed as a racemic mixture, although beta2-agonist activity resides almost exclusively in the (R)-enantiomer. The enantioselective disposition of salbutamol and the possibility that (S)-salbutamol has adverse effects have led to the development of an enantiomerically pure (R)-salbutamol formulation known as levosalbutamol (levalbuterol).		
DB13140	Bezlotoxumab	approved,investigational	Bezlotoxumab is a human monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium difficile toxin B and neutralizes its effects.  Used to reduce the recurrence of Clostridium difficle infection in adults receiving antibiotic therapy to treat C. difficile infection and high risk of recurrence.		
DB13141	Ambroxol acefyllinate	experimental,investigational			
DB13142	Calcium glubionate anhydrous	approved	Calcium glubionate (or glubionate calcium) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets.		
DB13143	Methallenestril	experimental			
DB13144	Lenograstim	approved,investigational	Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor used as an immunostimulating agent.		
DB13145	Nedaplatin	approved,investigational	Nedaplatin is a second generation platinum analog [A20300]. It is less nephrotoxic than [DB00515] but has proven equally effective. It was approved for use in Japan in 1995.		
DB13146	Fluciclovine (18F)	approved	Fluciclovine is a [18F]-tagged synthetic analog of the amino acid L-leucine. It presents excellent diagnostic properties to be used in positron emission tomography (PET) imaging.[A31384] The structure of fluciclovine allows it to be uptaken by the tumoral cells by its amino acid transporter without incorporating in the metabolism within the body.[A31385] Fluciclovine was developed by Blue Earth Diagnostics, Ltd. and FDA approved in May 27, 2016.[L1049]		
DB13147	Pancrelipase lipase	approved	Pancrelipase, in general, is composed of a mixture of pancreatic enzymes which include amylases, lipases, and proteases. These enzymes are extracted from porcine pancreatic glands.[L2509] The pancrelipase lipase is an enzyme secreted by the pancreas that is responsible for the hydrolysis of dietary fat molecules in the human digestive system.[A32748] The pancrelipase mixture, including pancrelipase lipase, was developed by Ortho-McNeil-Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc and FDA approved on April 12, 2010.[L2510]		
DB13148	Coagulation factor X human	approved,investigational	Coagulation Factor X (Human), is a plasma-derived human blood coagulation factor is used by adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency. However its use is limited in the perioperative setting for the management of bleeding in major surgery in patients with moderate and severe hereditary Factor X deficiency. Coagulation Factor X is a vitamin K-dependent, liver-produced serine protease that serves as the first enzyme in the coagulation cascade to form fibrin. It is a two-chain glycoprotein with the molecular weight of approximately 59 kDa [A31472]. While Factor X normally circulates in the plasma as inactive molecules, the activation of Factor X is involved in both the intrinsic and extrinsic coagulation pathways. Inherited factor X deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive bleeding disorder that is estimated to occur in 1:1 000 000 individuals up to 1:500 carriers [A31471]. Administration of coagulation Factor X from healthy donor serves to restore and achieve effective hemostasis. Coagulation Factor X (Human) solution is approved by the FDA for intravenous injection under the market name Coagadex which contains normally 100 IU/mL of coagulation Factor X derived from healthy donors who have passed viral screening tests [FDA Label].		
DB13149	Protein S human	approved	Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [A19561]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.		
DB13150	Coagulation factor VII human	approved,investigational	Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.		
DB13151	Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex	approved,investigational	Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex, also known as FEIBA (factor eight inhibitor bypassing activity), contains several proteins involved in the prothrombinase complex. It is used to control bleeding in hemophilia A and B patients with inhibitors.		
DB13152	Coagulation Factor IX Human	approved	Factor IX (or Christmas factor) is one of the serine proteases of the coagulation system; it belongs to peptidase family S1. Deficiency of this protein causes hemophilia B.		
DB13153	Levomenol	approved,experimental	Bisabolol, or more formally α-(−)-bisabolol or also known as levomenol, (-)-alpha-Bisabolol is found in fats and oils. (-)-alpha-Bisabolol is isolated from essential oil of Matricaria chamomilla (German chamomile) (-)-alpha-Bisabolol belongs to the family of Sesquiterpenes. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units.		
DB13154	Parachlorophenol	approved	P-chlorophenol is a white crystals with a strong phenol odor. Slightly soluble to soluble in water, depending on the isomer, and denser than water. Noncombustible.		
DB13155	Esculin	approved	Esculin is found in barley. Vitamin C2 is generally considered a bioflavanoid, related to vitamin P esculin is a glucoside that naturally occurs in the horse chestnut (Aesculus hippocastanum), California Buckeye (Aesculus californica) and in daphnin (the dark green resin of Daphne mezereum). Esculin belongs to the family of Glycosyl Compounds. These are carbohydrate derivatives in which a sugar group is bonded through its anmoeric carbonA to another group via a C-, S-,N-,O-, or Se- glycosidic bond.		
DB13156	Inosine pranobex	approved	Inosine pranobex (Isoprinosine or Methisoprinol) is a combination of inosine, acetamidobenzoic acid, and dimethylaminoisopropanol used as an antiviral drug.		
DB13157	Sodium lauryl sulfoacetate	approved,experimental	Sodium lauryl sulfoacetate is a wetting agent and surfactant used in enema-type laxative products.		
DB13158	Clobetasone	approved	Clobetasone is a corticosteroid that is often employed topically as a treatment for a variety of conditions such as eczema, psoriasis, various forms of dermatitis, and also for certain ophthalmologic conditions. Topical clobetasone butyrate has shown minimal suppression of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.		
DB13160	Alphaprodine	illicit			
DB13161	Nusinersen	approved,investigational	An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.		
DB13163	Terpin hydrate	approved,experimental	Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after FDA stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available to patients as prescription medications to be prepared by specialty compounding pharmacies.		
DB13164	Olmutinib	investigational	Olmutinib is an orally active epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor used in the treatment of T790M mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer. It is available under the brand name Olita made by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals [A19196]. Olmutinib was developed by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals and Boehringer Ingelheim. Olmutinib recieved breakthrough therapy designation in the United States in December 2015 and was approved for use in Korea in May 2016.		
DB13165	Ripasudil	experimental	Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.		
DB13166	Zofenopril	approved	Zofenopril is employed as both a cardioprotective and anti-hypertensive agent. It is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor.		
DB13167	Alclofenac	approved,withdrawn	Alclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It was withdrawn from the market in the United Kingdom in 1979.		
DB13168	Omega-6 fatty acids	nutraceutical	Omega-6 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids with a final carbon-carbon double bond in the n-6 position, that is, the sixth bond, counting from the methyl end. They are a family of fatty acid molecules that act as precursors to potent lipid mediator signalling molecules with either pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects. Cells involved in the inflammatory response are typically rich in the n-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid, as generally, eicosanoids derived from n-6 PUFA are pro-inflammatory. Arachidonic acid, which is a main precursor of eicosanoids, is an example of omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids. Vegetable oil is a major dietary sources of omega-6 fatty acids.		
DB13169	Nandrolone	experimental,investigational	Nandrolone, also known as 19-nortestosterone or 19-norandrostenolone, is a synthetic anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) derived from testosterone.		
DB13170	Plecanatide	approved,investigational	Plecanatide is a drug approved in January 2017 by the FDA for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). It should not be used in children less than six years of age, and should be avoided in patients six years to 18 years of age		
DB13171	Glyceryl 1-oleate	experimental			
DB13172	Tunicamycin	experimental	Tunicamycin is a mixture of homologous nucleoside antibiotics that inhibits the UDP-HexNAc: polyprenol-P HexNAc-1-P family of enzymes. One member of this family is the enzyme GlcNAc phosphotransferase (GPT), which catalyzes the transfer of N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphate from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine to dolichol phosphate in the first step of glycoprotein synthesis in eukaryotes. Tunicamycin blocks N-linked glycosylation (N-glycans) resulting in cell cycle arrest at the G1 phase in human cells. It is used as an experimental tool to induce unfolded protein response. Tunicamycin is produced by Streptomyces clavuligerus and Streptomyces lysosuperficus bacteria along with several other species.		
DB13173	Cerliponase alfa	approved,investigational	Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).		
DB13174	Rhein	experimental	Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [A19247]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.		
DB13175	Rheinanthrone	experimental	Rheinanthrone is the active metabolite of senna glycoside [DB11365] known for its laxative effect [A19235]. It is commonly produced by plants of the Rheum species [L772].		
DB13177	4-methylumbelliferyl beta-D-glucoside	experimental			
DB13178	Inositol	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Inositol is a collection of nine different stereoisomers but the name is usually used to describe only the most common type of inositol, myo-inositol. Myo-inositol is the cis-1,2,3,5-trans-4,6-cyclohexanehexol and it is prepared from an aqueous extract of corn kernels by precipitation and hydrolysis of crude phytate. These molecules have structural similarities to glucose and are involved in cellular signaling. It is considered a pseudovitamin as it is a molecule that does not qualify to be an essential vitamin because even though its presence is vital in the body, a deficiency in this molecule does not translate into disease conditions.[L2560] Inositol can be found as an ingredient of OTC products by Health Canada but all current product whose main ingredient is inositol are discontinued.[L1113] By the FDA, inositol is considered in the list of specific substances affirmed as generally recognized as safe (GRAS).[L2561]	Inositol Metabolism,Galactose Metabolism,Galactosemia,Joubert Syndrome,Inositol Phosphate Metabolism,Phosphatidylinositol Phosphate Metabolism	
DB13179	Troleandomycin	approved	A macrolide antibiotic that is similar to erythromycin.		
DB13180	Gluconic Acid	approved,investigational	Commonly found in salts with sodium and calcium. Gluconic acid or gluconate is used to maintain the cation-anion balance on electrolyte solutions.		
DB13181	Methylbenactyzium	experimental			
DB13182	Daidzein	experimental			
DB13183	Technetium Tc-99m etifenin	experimental			
DB13185	Oxabolone cipionate	experimental	Oxabolone cipionate is the C17β cypionate ester and a prodrug of [DB01500]. A synthetic anabolic-androgenic (AAS) steroid, it is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone (nandrolone). It is considered as a performance enhancing drug thus is prohibited from use in sports.		
DB13189	Calcitonin porcine	experimental	Calcitonin is a polypeptide hormone secreted by the parafollicular cells of the thyroid gland in mammals. It inhibits bone resorption and lowers both serum and urinary calcium concentrations. Human calcitonin is available only in very small quantities but has been used in some studies. The first commercially available preparation in Britain was porcine calcitonin (brand name Calcitare).		
DB13190	Ethacridine	experimental			
DB13191	Phosphocreatine	nutraceutical	Phosphocreatine - or creatine phosphate - is the phosphorylated form of creatine. It is primarily found endogenously in the skeletal muscles of vertebrates where it serves a critical role as a rapidly acting energy buffer for muscle cell actions like contractions via its ability to regenerate adenosine triphosphate (ATP) from adenosine diphosphate (ADP).		
DB13192	Antihemophilic factor human	approved	Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[L1053]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [A32280].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [A31551, A32272].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include [DB13999], which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and [DB11607], which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [A31551].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].		
DB13193	Vitex agnus-castus fruit extract	experimental	Vitex agnus-castus fruit extract is obtained from dry fruits of Vitex agnus-castus. The fruits contain mixture of iridoids, flavonoids and compounds in leaves and flowers that structurally resemble sex hormones. Clinical studies demonstrates effectiveness of vitex agnus-castus fruit extract in the management of premenstrual stress syndrome (PMS) and cyclical breast pain (mastalgia). The main mechanism of action of vitex agnus-castus fruit extract has not been fully elucidated, however it is suggested to modulate the stress-induced prolactin secretion via dopaminergic actions, and μ (mu) - and δ (delta) -opioid receptors.		
DB13194	Hedera helix leaf extract	experimental	Hedera helix leaf extract allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB13195	Horse chestnut	experimental	Horse chestnut is a flowering plant commonly referred to as *Aesculus hippocastanum*. Unprocessed horse chestnut seeds contain a toxin called esculin (also spelled aesculin) that increases the risk of bleeding due to anticoagulant actions. These seeds are processed to remove the toxic component, resulting in purified horse chestnut seed extract (HCSE) [A27200]. The active component of this pure extract is escin, or aescin, that promotes blood circulation through the veins and reduces swelling and inflammation of the legs. Its therapeutic potential in the treatment of chronic venous insufficiency is being studied.		
DB13196	Valerian	approved,experimental,investigational	Valerian is extracted from a herb that is a perennial flowering plant. Valerian root is reported to have sedative and anxiolytic effects however its mechanism of action is not completely understood. Valerian has been used in the treatment of conditions including sleep disorders, anxiety, attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and joint pain. [DB00313] is a derivative of valeric acid, which is obtained from the plant root. Valerian is a food ingredient permitted for direct addition to food for human consumption as a natural flavoring substance.		
DB13197	Kallidinogenase	experimental			
DB13198	Pepsin	approved,experimental,investigational	Pepsin is a potent enzyme in gastric juice that digests proteins such as those in meat, eggs, seeds, and dairy products [L2358].Studies on gastric digestion from 1820-1840 led to the discovery of pepsin as the substance which, in the presence of stomach acid, causes nutrients including meat or coagulated egg whites to dissolve. Soon afterward, it was shown that these protein nutrients were cleaved by pepsin to products called _peptones_ [A32603].Pepsin is often used as a replacement enzyme for those with pancreatic insufficiency [L2357]. Stimulation of the pancreas and therefore enzymatic digestion of food is a tightly controlled and is a hormonally mediated process. Any changes or conditions affecting metabolic steps for successful digestion and absorption negatively affect pancreatic enzymatic secretion, entry into the intestine, functionality once inside the intestine, and appropriate mixing with foods/nutrients. Many causes of pancreatic insufficiency require that enzyme replacement therapy is started, including cystic fibrosis, pancreatic cancer, acute and chronic pancreatitis, as well as pancreatic surgery [L2357].Pepsin is approved by the FDA and is used in food at levels not to exceed current good manufacturing practice [L2363].Interestingly, it has been used as a marker for laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR), which is a common illness of otolaryngology (ear, nose and throat specialist) visits [A32604].Interestingly, recent research has suggested that pepsin participates in the digestion of nucleic acids [L2391].		
DB13199	Brinase	experimental			
DB13200	Lipegfilgrastim	approved,investigational	Lipegfilgrastim, previously known as XM22, is a pegylated, recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) that was synthetized using a highly site-specific glycoPEGylation technology [A32665]. It is used as an alternate to [DB00019] for prophylactic use in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy and at risk for developing chemotherapy-induced neutropenia. Since July 2013, lipegfilgrastim is marketed by the EMA as Lonquex for subcutaneously injection, where it is administered once following cytotoxic chemotherapy for each chemotherapy cycle in adult patients being treated with cytotoxic chemotherapy for malignancy. It aims to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the incidence of febrile neutropenia.Neutropenia and febrile neutropenia (FN) are frequent and potentially fatal complications that occur from myelosuppressive anticancer treatments [A32665]. Severe chemotherapy-induced neutropenia and febrile neutropenia significantly increases the risk for life-threatening infection and sepsis. Granulocyte colony-stimulating factors (G-CSFs) were introduced in the 1980's to the clinical setting to stimulate neutrophil proliferation and differentiation, thereby reducing the duration and severity of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia [A32665]. Lipegfilgrastim is a covalent conjugate of [DB00099] with a single methoxy polyethylene glycol (PEG) molecule via a carbohydrate linker consisting of glycine, N-acetylneuraminic acid and N-acetylgalactosamine [L2441]. The average molecular mass of lipegfilgrastim comprises 18,798 Da for [DB00099], 203 Da for GalNAc, 338 Da for glycylsialic acid and approximately 20,000 Da for PEG [L2449]. PEG moiety protects the active molecule from enzyme degradation, which allows longer half-life of drug and less frequent dosing-schedule in addition to acceptable safety and efficacy profile [A32665].		
DB13201	Trenonacog alfa	investigational	Human coagulation factor IX (EC 3.4.21.22, Christmas factor, plasma thromboplastin component), produced in CHO cells.		
DB13202	Piprozolin	experimental			
DB13203	Bamifylline	experimental	Bamifylline is a selective A1 adenosine receptor antagonist.		
DB13204	Dimethyl carbate	experimental	Dimethyl carbate is used as an insect repellant.		
DB13205	Teclozan	experimental	Teclozan is an antiprotozoal agent employed typically as a therapy to treat protozoan infections.		
DB13206	Bamethan	experimental			
DB13207	Arginine glutamate	investigational			
DB13208	Prednylidene	experimental	Prednylidene is an experimental systemic glucocorticoid.		
DB13209	Bismuth subnitrate	approved	Bismuth subnitrate, also referred to as bismuth oxynitrate or bismuthyl nitrate, is a highly water-soluble crystalline compound that has been used as a treatment for duodenal ulcers and anti-diarrheic agent [A33012]. The use of bismuth substrate as an active ingredient in over-the-counter antacids is approved by the FDA.		
DB13210	Sodium chlorite	experimental	Used as an agent for cleaning drinking water. It is also used as an additive in products like toothpaste and mouthwash. Acidified sodium chlorite was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as of 2004, as an anti-microbial agent which is non-toxic, but not as a drug [A174811, L5413].		
DB13211	Guanoxan	approved	Guanoxan is an antihypertensive agent similar in its mechanism of action to guanethidine; may cause liver damage.Guanoxan was approved in the UK but was withdrawn from the market due to hepatotoxicity.		
DB13212	Phenolsulfonphthalein	experimental	Phenolsulfonphthalein or otherwise called phenol red is a pH indicator commonly used in cell biology laboratories. Phenolsulfonphthalein is being investigated for use clinically due to its weak estrogen mimicking actions [A174964].		
DB13213	Butaperazine	approved	Butaperazine was approved in 1967 [L5143], and possibly discontinued in the 1980s [T397].		
DB13214	Sulfadicramide	experimental			
DB13215	Sulfobromophthalein	experimental	Sulfobromophthalein or otherwise called bromsulphthalein is used as a test of liver function in humans [A174970].		
DB13216	Oxolamine	approved	Oxolamine is not approved in the USA, it may be marketed elsewhere internationally as a cough suppressant [L5416]. It is listed as a prescription drug in New Zealand legislation [L5419]. Oxolamine is also approved in Taiwan for the treatment of respiratory tract inflamation [L5422].		
DB13217	Fentiazac	experimental			
DB13218	Mandelic acid	approved	Mandelic acid is an approved aromatic, alpha hydroxy acid [L5458]. Mandelic acid is used as an ingredient in cosmetics and drug products applied topically.		
DB13219	Medifoxamine	approved	Medifoxamine was marketed as an atypical antidepressant, with anxiolyitc properties in France, Spain, and Morrocco in the 1990s but was later withdrawn from the market due to it causing cases of hepatotoxicity [L5461, A174976].		
DB13220	Ferrous aspartate	experimental	The use of ferrous acetate over ferrous sulfate is currently undergoing an investigation by a clinical trial [L5464]. It is also used for dying of fabric or leather and as a wood preservative.		
DB13221	Apronalide	approved	Apronalide is approved in Japan. Apronalide has been withdrawn from the market in many other countries due to patient development of thrombocytopenic purpura [A174814].		
DB13222	Tilbroquinol	approved	Tilbroquinol was approved in France, Morocco, and Saudi Arabia but it has been withdrawn in France and Saudi Arabia markets mainly due to its hepatotoxicity risk outweighing the drug benefit [L5467]. In Morocco, the drug has been limited to use in the treatment of intestinal amoebiasis.		
DB13223	Fluocortin	experimental	Fluocortin has been studied as a corticosteroid for treatment of dermatitis and eczema Spain [A174817].		
DB13224	Piperidione	experimental	Piperidione was cough medicine marketed by Roche under the trade name Sedulon.		
DB13225	Dibenzepin	approved	Dibenzepin is approved for use in Europe.		
DB13226	Acetylleucine	experimental	Used for treating vestibular-related imbalance and vertigo.		
DB13227	Tribenoside	experimental	Anti-inflammatory agent used in edema of extremities, varicose veins & phlebitis.		
DB13228	Flosequinan	approved	Flosequinan was approved in the USA and the UK for a year prior to being withdrawn from the market due to increased mortality in chronic heart failure patients, found in drug trials [A174979].		
DB13229	Enibomal	experimental			
DB13230	Gestonorone	experimental	Gestonorone is often mistaken for gestonorone capproate which has a different chemical structure.		
DB13231	Calcium lactate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Calcium lactate is a salt that consists of two lactate anions for each calcium cation (Ca2+). It is prepared commercially by the neutralization of lactic acid with calcium carbonate or calcium hydroxide. Approved by the FDA as a direct food substance affirmed as generally recognized as safe, calcium lactate is used as a firming agent, flavoring agent, leavening agent, stabilizer, and thickener [L2741]. Calcium lactate is also found in daily dietary supplements as a source of calcium. It is also available in various hydrate forms, where calcium lactate pentahydrate is the most common.		
DB13232	Suxibuzone	experimental			
DB13233	Alaproclate	experimental	Alaproclate was developed as one of the first selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants by Astra AB (now AstraZeneca) in the 1970s. Development was discontinued due to concerns over hepatotoxicity observed in animal studies. Alaproclate has also been found to act as a non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonist although without discriminative stimulus properties similar to phencyclidine.		
DB13234	Propanidid	experimental	An intravenous anesthetic that has been used for rapid induction of anesthesia and for maintenance of anesthesia of short duration. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p918)		
DB13235	Perboric acid	approved	Perboric acid is mainly found in its salt form of sodium perborate and it can be found as a monohydrate or tetrahydrate.[A33037] It is one of the peroxy acid salts with very wide functionalities in industrial settings.[F66] Perboric acid in the form of sodium perborate is approved by Health Canada since 2004 to be used as a disinfectant of medical instruments.[L1113] By the FDA, sodium perborate is approved as an ointment for the protection of poison ivy dermatitis.[L2764]		
DB13236	Stibophen	experimental	Stibophen is used in the treatment of schistosomiasis, a disease of parasitic flatworms.		
DB13237	Clofoctol	experimental			
DB13238	Tuaminoheptane	experimental			
DB13239	Neltenexine	experimental	Neltenexine is an elastase inhibitor. It may be useful for preventing pulmonary emphysema.		
DB13240	Cymarin	experimental			
DB13241	Begelomab	experimental,investigational			
DB13242	Bucladesine	experimental			
DB13243	Tiazofurine	experimental	Tiazofurine has potential clinical use in cancer treatment as it is a potential inhibitor of Inosine- 5’-monophosphate (IMP) dehydrogenase [A174991].		
DB13244	Aminomethylbenzoic acid	experimental	Aminomethylbenzoic acid may be useful as an antifibrinolytic agent [A174994].		
DB13245	Thiram	approved,experimental	Thiram may be used in dermatology as a scabicide [T436]. Thiram is mainly used as a fungicide for plants and treatment for seeds, however, this use is being investigated for safety in many markets including Canada [L5425].		
DB13246	Quinupramine	approved	Quinupramine has been approved in France under the brand name Kinupril, as an antidepressant [A175003].		
DB13247	Pramiracetam	approved	Pramiracetam has been previously approved in some eastern European countries under the brand names Pramistar, Neupramir, and Remen. It was also previously approved in the United States with orphan drug designation [L1469]. Pramiracetam has been studied for the use in Alzheimer's disease and as an adjunct treatment to restore cognitive functioning post-electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression [L5470].		
DB13248	Phthalylsulfathiazole	approved	Phthalylsulfathiazole is a broad spectrum antibiotic which is part of the drug class, sulfonamides. It was used as an antibiotic for bowel surgery, and for infections of the colon [A175006].		
DB13249	Magnesium silicate	approved	Magnesium silicate is a compound of magnesium oxide and silicon. It is the magnesium salt of silicic acid containing an unspecified amount of water. The molecular formula can be expressed more clearly as MgSiO3.xH2O.[T186] It is known as talc and it presents many uses in the cosmetic industry, food industry and pharmaceutical industry.[L2603] Under the FDA, magnesium silicate is determined as a member of the substances generally recognized as safe (GRAS) to be used as an anticaking agent.[L2605]		
DB13250	Methylmethionine chloride	experimental	Methylmethionine chloride may be useful in helping the healing of gastric ulcers. In Japan, it is used as an over the counter product for gastrointestinal health support. It is also called "Vitamin U", but it is not a true vitamin.		
DB13251	Octopamine	experimental	Octopamine is structurally similar to norepinephrine. It has been used as a nootropic, and therefore it and all of its enantiomer are prohibited by the World Anti-doping Agency (WADA) as of 2014.		
DB13252	Tropatepine	experimental	Tropatepine has been used in France for its antiparkinsons activities [A175024].		
DB13253	Proxibarbal	approved	Proxibarbal is a derivative of barbiturates, which has been used to treat migraines. Proxibarbal was approved in France but was withdrawn from the market due to the risk of inducing immunoallergic thrombocytopenia [L5476].		
DB13254	Prifinium	experimental	Prifinium is an antimuscarinic agent with antispasmodic and antiemetic properties. It may be useful for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome [A175027].		
DB13255	Propatyl nitrate	experimental,investigational			
DB13256	Clothiapine	approved	Clothiapine has been approved in European countries and is an atypical antipsychotic, shown to be useful in some treatment-resistant patients.		
DB13257	Ferrous sulfate anhydrous	approved	Iron deficiency anemia is a large public health concern worldwide, especially in young children, infants, and women of childbearing age.[A190804] This type of anemia occurs when iron intake, iron stores, and iron loss do not adequately support the formation of erythrocytes, also known as red blood cells.[A190528] Ferrous sulfate is a synthetic agent used in the treatment of iron deficiency. It is the gold standard of oral iron therapy in the UK and many other countries.[L2234,L2246]		
DB13258	Etofamide	approved	Etofamide is used as an antiamoebic agent. Etofamide, under the brand name Kitnos, was marketed in Brazil by Pfizer but has been discontinued [L5617].		
DB13259	Ethyl chloride	approved,experimental,investigational	Ethyl chloride, or chloroethane, has a chemical formula C2H5Cl. It was commonly used in the production of tetraethyllead (TEL), which is an additive for gasoline. It was also used in other commerical applications as a chemical reagent. It is still used in the treatment of cellulose to make ethylcellulose for commercial products. Ethyl chloride is used as a diagnostic tool to detect a dead tooth with nonviable pulp.		
DB13260	Lysozyme	experimental,investigational			
DB13261	Sitafloxacin	experimental,investigational			
DB13262	Aceclidine	approved	Aceclidine has been marketed in Europe but has not been used clinically in the United States. It is used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and is a parasympathomimetic agent.		
DB13263	Quassia	experimental			
DB13264	Penimepicycline	experimental	Penimepicycline is a tetracycline-class antibiotic. It is mentioned on List A produced by the Government of Canada, which is a list of antimicrobial active pharmaceutical ingredients [L2791]. In the classification of the active ingredients included on this list, the classification document states that tetracycline class antibiotics are of medium importance, and are used in humans [L5620].		
DB13265	Hexobendine	approved	Hexobendine is a medication used to cause vasodilation, to treat several conditions including angina pectoris. It has not been approved in the United States or the United Kingdom, but has been used widely in Austria and Germany [T478].		
DB13266	Cefatrizine	experimental			
DB13267	Ritiometan	approved	Ritiometan is a nasal spray which is marketed by the name Nécyrane in France. It is indicated for use in viral rhinitis/ the common cold.		
DB13268	Acetarsol	approved,withdrawn	Acetarsol, with the molecular formula N-acetyl-4-hydroxy-m-arsanilic acid, is a pentavalent arsenical compound with antiprotozoal and antihelmintic properties.[L2622] It was first discovered in 1921 by Ernest Fourneau at the Pasteur Institute. It was developed by Neolab Inc, and approved by Health Canada as an antifungal on December 31, 1964. It has been canceled and withdrawn from the market since August 12, 1997.[L113]		
DB13269	Dichlorobenzyl alcohol	approved	Dichlorobenzyl alcohol is a mild antiseptic with a broad spectrum for bacterial and virus associated with mouth and throat infections.[A33047] Dichlorobenzyl alcohol is considered as an active ingredient found in several marketed OTC products by Health Canada which has categorized this agent as an anatomical therapeutic chemical.[L1113] On the other hand, dichlorobenzyl alcohol is categorized by the FDA in the inactive ingredient for approved drug products.[L2773]		
DB13270	Dibekacin	approved	Dibekacin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic marketed in Japan [L5623].		
DB13271	Wood creosote	experimental,investigational			
DB13272	Meladrazine	experimental			
DB13273	Sultopride	approved	Sultopride is used in Japan, Hong Kong, and Europe to treat schizophrenia. It is of the drug class atypical antipsychotics [L5626].		
DB13274	Micronomicin	approved	Micronomicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic which is marketed in Japan, and sold under the brand names Sagamicin and Luxomicina.		
DB13275	Clorindione	experimental	Clorindione is a vitamin K antagonist, which may be useful to decrease prothrombin levels in humans.		
DB13276	Idanpramine	experimental			
DB13277	Benziodarone	approved,withdrawn	Benziodarone is a uricostatic and a uricosuric agent which is sold also under the name Amplivex-Labaz. It is used in the treatment of gout [A175630]. It was withdrawn from France markets and British markets due to its effects causing Jaundice in patients [T487, A175636].		
DB13278	Bucetin	approved,withdrawn	Bucetin is an analgesic and antipyretic medication which was approved for use in Germany but was withdrawn from the market in 1986 due to renal toxicity caused by the medication [A175636].		
DB13279	Carbocromen	approved,withdrawn	Carbocromen was marketed for use in Germany as a vasodilator, however, it has been discontinued due to the risk of arrhythmia development [L5635].		
DB13280	Aluminium acetoacetate	experimental	Aluminium acetoacetate is an aluminum containing antacid.		
DB13281	Bromelains	investigational	Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [A27198]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [A27197] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.		
DB13282	Benzododecinium	approved	Benzododecinium is used as an antiseptic/disinfectant compound. It has been marketed as a tincture for antiseptic product for wounds in the Czech Republic.		
DB13283	Sulfaisodimidine	experimental	Sulfaisodimidine also called sulfisomidine is an antibacterial product that has been studied for the treatment of urinary tract infections in the 1950s, however, it is unclear whether this drug has been officially approved for use anywhere [A175672].		
DB13284	Meticrane	approved	Meticrane is a diuretic medication. It has been marketed in Japan under the trade name Arresten and is used to lower blood pressure [L5647].		
DB13285	Etilamfetamine	experimental	Etilamfetamine is also known as N-ethylamphetamine and is in the Canadian Legislation - The Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, and is a Schedule 1 controlled drug. Like other amphetamines, this amphetamine analog was used as an appetite suppressant in the 1950s. However, being on the controlled drug and substance act does not necessitate that the drug is approved for sale on the market.		
DB13286	Bumadizone	approved	Bumadizone has been approved for use in Germany and Austria, it is a drug with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic, and analgesic properties, and was marketed for the treatment of both rheumatoid arthritis and gout [L5650]. Its use is restricted to these conditions, due to risks this drug poses [L5650].		
DB13287	Miocamycin	approved	Miocamycin is a macrolide type antimicrobial [A176170]. This drug may be marketed in Japan for clinical use as it is listed in the Japanese pharmacopeia [L5737]. It has shown to be effective against several gram-positive and gram-negative microbes and may be useful in the treatment of upper and lower respiratory tract infections, and urogenital tract infections or as an alternative to erythromycin treatment [A176170].		
DB13288	Tromantadine	approved	Tromantadine is marketed as Viru-Merz in the Czech Republic [L5740]. It is an antiviral used in the treatment of herpes zoster and simplex.		
DB13289	Rimazolium	experimental	Rimazolium is an experimental analgesic drug [A176186].		
DB13290	Olaflur	experimental	Olaflur which is also referred to as elmex gel is an ingredient used in toothpaste which helps in the prevention of dental caries.		
DB13291	Cloridarol	experimental	Cloridarol is an experimental medication in the treatment of heart disease, which acts through vasodilation. It was studied for the treatment of coronary insufficiency in Italy in the 1970s [A176222].		
DB13292	Pimethixene	approved	Pimethixene is approved for use in Brazil and is marketed under the trade name Muricalm. It is an anticholinergic used in the treatment of bronchitis.	Pimethixene H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13293	Ipecac	approved,withdrawn	Ipecac is obtained from the plant _Cephaelis ipecacuanha_ and contains a number of emetic alkaloids including emetine and cephaeline.[L2753] Ipecac was approved by Health Canada as an OTC but all those products are now discontinued.[L1113] The FDA does not have currently any approved product containing ipecac, however, ipecac as an ingredient is accepted to be sold over the counter in packages of 1 fluid ounce (30 ml) for the emergency use to cause vomiting in poisoning.[L2752]		
DB13294	Azidamfenicol	experimental			
DB13295	Atracurium	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB13296	Propamidine	experimental,investigational			
DB13297	Idrocilamide	experimental			
DB13298	Alsactide	experimental			
DB13299	Sulglicotide	experimental			
DB13300	Epicillin	experimental			
DB13302	Hachimycin	experimental			
DB13303	Febarbamate	experimental			
DB13304	Triaziquone	experimental			
DB13305	Tolpropamine	experimental		Tolpropamine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13306	Chlorquinaldol	approved	Chlorquinaldol was used historically as a topical antiseptic under the trade name Sterosan.[F4549] It was marketed in the 1950s as an iodine-free alternative which was also unrelated to sulfa drugs or hormones. Chlorquinaldol is currently approved by the European Medicines Agency as a combination tablet with promestriene for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis.[F4552]		
DB13307	Proscillaridin	experimental	Proscillaridin is a cardiac glycoside that is derived from plants of the genus Scilla and in Drimia maritima (Scilla maritima). Studies suggest the potential cytotoxic and anticancer property of proscillaridin, based on evidence of the drug potently disrupting topoisomerase I and II activity at nanomolar drug concentrations [A27193] and triggering cell death and blocking cell proliferation of glioblastoma cell lines [A27194].		
DB13308	Oxametacin	experimental			
DB13309	Benproperine	experimental			
DB13310	Ormeloxifene	experimental			
DB13311	Trepibutone	experimental			
DB13312	Delapril	investigational			
DB13313	Melevodopa	experimental			
DB13314	Alminoprofen	experimental	Alminoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) whose physiochemical characteristics make it a member of the phenylpropionic acid class of chemical substances.		
DB13315	Sobrerol	experimental			
DB13316	Ibopamine	experimental			
DB13317	Flunoxaprofen	experimental			
DB13318	Demecolcine	experimental			
DB13319	Propenidazole	experimental			
DB13320	Sulfaperin	experimental			
DB13321	Methiodal	experimental			
DB13322	Hydrotalcite	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB13323	Trichloroethylene	approved	Trichloroethylene is a halocarbon commonly used as an industrial solvent, not to be confused with the similar 1,1,1-trichloroethane, also known as chlorothene. It has been sold under a variety of trade names including Trimar and Trilene and used as a volatile anesthetic and as an inhaled obstetrical analgesic. Environmental exposure, particularly groundwater and drinking water contamination from industrial discharge, is a major concern for human health and has been the subject of numerous incidents and lawsuits.		
DB13324	Tetrazepam	experimental			
DB13325	Nifurzide	experimental			
DB13326	Euflavine	experimental			
DB13327	Picotamide	experimental			
DB13328	Butanilicaine	experimental			
DB13329	Guaiazulen	experimental			
DB13330	Amezinium metilsulfate	experimental			
DB13331	Pyrithyldione	experimental			
DB13332	Dibutylsuccinate	experimental			
DB13333	Efloxate	experimental			
DB13334	Mannosulfan	experimental			
DB13335	Pinazepam	experimental			
DB13336	Dimethylphthalate	experimental			
DB13337	Pheneticillin	approved	Pheneticillin (or phenethicillin) is a penicillin antibiotic which is approved for use internationally.		
DB13338	Flurithromycin	experimental			
DB13339	Etoglucid	experimental			
DB13340	Suloctidil	experimental			
DB13341	Fenozolone	experimental			
DB13342	Cinepazet	experimental			
DB13343	Tioxolone	experimental			
DB13344	Mercuric amidochloride	experimental			
DB13345	Dihydroergocristine	approved,experimental	Dihydroergocristine is part of the ergoloid mixture products.[L2637] It is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid and thus, it is characterized by a structural skeleton formed by an alkaloid ergoline.[A32879] To know more about ergoloid mixtures, please visit [DB01049].		
DB13346	Bufexamac	approved,withdrawn	Bufexamac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) under the market name Droxaryl, Malipuran, Paraderm and Parfenac. It is typically administered topically for the treatment of subacute and chronic eczema of the skin, including atopic eczema and other inflammatory dermatoses, as well as sunburn and other minor burns, and itching. It has also been used in suppositories in combination with local anaesthetics indicated for haemorrhoids. The use of bufexamac has been discontinued in Canada and the United States, which may be due to undetermined clinical efficacy and a high prevalence of contact sensitization [A32822]. Bufexamac was also withdrawn by the EMA in April 2010.		
DB13347	Diphenadione	experimental			
DB13348	Tiadenol	experimental			
DB13349	Talastine	experimental		Talastine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13350	Azanidazole	experimental			
DB13351	Piperidolate	experimental			
DB13352	Deanol	experimental	Deanol is commonly referred to as 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol, dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE) or dimethylethanolamine (DMEA). It holds tertiary amine and primary alcohol groups as functional groups. Deanol has been used in the treatment of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Alzheimer's disease, autism, and tardive dyskinesia. It has been also used as an ingredient in skin care, and in cognitive function- and mood-enhancing products.		
DB13353	Viminol	experimental			
DB13354	Phenprobamate	experimental			
DB13355	Visnadine	experimental,investigational			
DB13356	Mesulfen	experimental			
DB13357	Styramate	experimental			
DB13358	Cibenzoline	experimental			
DB13359	Magnesium aspartate	experimental	Magnesium aspartate is a magnesium salt of aspartic acid that is commonly used as a mineral supplement. It displays high oral bioavailability and water solubiltiy compared to other magnesium salts such as magnesium citrate, magnesium carbonate and magnesium oxide.		
DB13360	Tolciclate	experimental			
DB13361	Trimethyldiphenylpropylamine	experimental			
DB13362	Pheneturide	experimental			
DB13363	Oxaceprol	experimental			
DB13364	Feprazone	experimental			
DB13365	Calcium lactate gluconate	experimental			
DB13366	Hydrochloric acid	experimental			
DB13367	Cloricromen	experimental			
DB13368	Motretinide	experimental			
DB13369	Benzilone	experimental			
DB13370	Bromisoval	experimental			
DB13371	Difenpiramide	experimental			
DB13372	Calcium alginate	approved,experimental			
DB13373	Acriflavinium chloride	experimental			
DB13374	Vincamine	experimental	Vincamine is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid obtained from the leaves of *Vinca minor* with a vasodilatory property. Studies indicate that vincamine increases the regional cerebral blood flow.		
DB13375	Edrecolomab	experimental,investigational			
DB13376	Succinimide	experimental			
DB13377	Vinbarbital	experimental			
DB13378	Norfenefrine	experimental			
DB13379	Chiniofon	experimental			
DB13380	Difemerine	experimental			
DB13381	Sodium feredetate	approved			
DB13382	Chlorproethazine	experimental			
DB13383	Diiodohydroxypropane	experimental			
DB13384	Melitracen	experimental,investigational			
DB13385	Dihydroergocryptine	experimental			
DB13386	Epimestrol	experimental			
DB13387	Hematin	experimental			
DB13388	Phenylmercuric nitrate	experimental			
DB13389	Iopydol	experimental			
DB13391	Levoverbenone	experimental			
DB13392	Merbromin	experimental	Mercurochrome is a trade name of merbromin commonly used as a topical first-aid antiseptic agent. It is an organomercuric disodium salt compound and a fluorescein that is available in many countries, except Switzerland, France, Germany, and the United States where the drug was withdrawn from market due to the possibility of mercury poisoning.		
DB13393	Emetine	experimental			
DB13394	Adrenalone	experimental			
DB13395	Eprozinol	experimental			
DB13396	Neocitrullamon	experimental			
DB13397	Prenoxdiazine	experimental			
DB13398	Oxyfedrine	experimental			
DB13399	Terguride	experimental			
DB13400	Linsidomine	experimental			
DB13401	Metildigoxin	experimental			
DB13402	Acetylglycinamide chloral hydrate	experimental			
DB13403	Oxypertine	experimental			
DB13404	Edetate sodium	experimental			
DB13405	Mefruside	experimental			
DB13406	Carbutamide	experimental			
DB13407	Nifenazone	experimental			
DB13408	Methylpropylpropanediol dinitrate	experimental			
DB13409	Rokitamycin	experimental			
DB13410	Guanoxabenz	experimental			
DB13411	Lofepramine	experimental			
DB13412	Pirisudanol	experimental			
DB13413	Phenglutarimide	experimental			
DB13414	Fenyramidol	experimental			
DB13415	Pentetrazol	experimental			
DB13416	Sulbutiamine	experimental	Sulbutiamine is a synthetic derivative of thiamine (vitamin B1) under the market name Arcalion that is composed of two modified thiamine molecules to form a dimer. It is highly lipophilic, allowing it to cross the blood-brain barrier more easily than other thiamine derivatives. Although its clinical efficacy is not yet defined, sulbutiamine is used to treat asthenia. While its other uses include improvement of erectile dysfunction and reduction of psycho-behavioural inhibition, sulbutiamine showed evidence of modulatory effect on dopaminergic and glutamatergic cortical transmissions. The chronic administration of the drug has demonstrated to improve long term memory formation in mice.		
DB13417	Morinamide	experimental			
DB13418	Moxestrol	experimental			
DB13419	Troxipide	experimental			
DB13420	Thiazinam	experimental		Thiazinamium H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13421	Edoxudine	approved,investigational,withdrawn	Edoxudine is a deoxythymidine analog with activity against herpes simplex virus. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of herpes simplex virus type 1 and 2. The obtained product is an antiviral ointment.[L2407] The activity of edoxudine against herpes simplex virus was first recognized in 1967. It was later recognized to be effective in vivo in a preclinical model of keratitis caused by herpes virus.[A32643] It was developed by McNeil Pharmaceutical and approved by Health Canada on December 31, 1992. This medication was later discontinued from the market in 1998.[L1113]		
DB13422	Nicofuranose	experimental			
DB13423	Ferric hydroxide	experimental			
DB13424	Clofenotane	experimental			
DB13425	Flutrimazole	experimental			
DB13427	Gold Au-198	experimental			
DB13428	Iobenzamic acid	experimental			
DB13429	Tolonidine	experimental			
DB13430	Mebutizide	experimental			
DB13431	Proglumide	experimental			
DB13432	Lonazolac	experimental			
DB13433	Simfibrate	experimental			
DB13434	Fenticonazole	experimental			
DB13435	Endralazine	experimental			
DB13436	Droxypropine	experimental			
DB13437	Medazepam	experimental			
DB13438	Prolintane	experimental			
DB13439	Fenpiprane	experimental			
DB13441	Niceritrol	experimental			
DB13442	Citiolone	experimental			
DB13443	Esatenolol	experimental	Esatenolol is a beta blocker.		
DB13444	Ioxitalamic acid	approved	Ioxitalamate is an ionic iodinated contrast medium.[A27209] It is a first-generation contrast media formed by an ionic monomer with a high osmolarity of 1500-1800 mOsm/kg.[A33006] Ioxitalamic acid in the salt forms of sodium and meglumine was developed by Liebel-Flarshem Canada Inc and approved by Health Canada in 1995. Until the last review in 2015, this drug is still available in the market.[L1113]		
DB13445	Nepinalone	experimental			
DB13446	Guar gum	experimental			
DB13447	Prethcamide	experimental			
DB13448	Mazaticol	experimental			
DB13449	Proxyphylline	experimental			
DB13451	Tioclomarol	experimental			
DB13452	Cadralazine	experimental			
DB13453	Xenon	experimental			
DB13454	Nicomorphine	experimental			
DB13455	Phenibut	experimental			
DB13456	Midecamycin	experimental	Midecamycin is a naturally occurring 16-membered macrolide[A33072] that fits under the category of acetoxy-substituted macrolide antibiotics. In this molecule, an acetoxy group is substituted on the position 9 of the 16-member ring and on position 4 of the terminal sugar.[A33075] Until 2017, midecamycin was still under the list of approved antimicrobial active pharmaceutical ingredients by Health Canada.[L2791]		
DB13457	Oxaflozane	experimental			
DB13458	Thebacon	experimental			
DB13459	Pecilocin	experimental			
DB13460	Ronifibrate	experimental			
DB13461	Cefcapene	experimental			
DB13462	Bephenium	experimental			
DB13463	Oxetorone	experimental			
DB13464	Ornipressin	experimental			
DB13465	Ciclobendazole	experimental			
DB13466	Deptropine	experimental			
DB13467	Lanatoside C	experimental			
DB13468	Etybenzatropine	experimental			
DB13469	Phanquinone	experimental			
DB13470	Cefodizime	experimental			
DB13471	Nalfurafine	experimental,investigational			
DB13472	Cyclofenil	experimental			
DB13473	Antimony pentasulfide	experimental			
DB13474	Tipepidine	experimental			
DB13475	Furazidin	experimental			
DB13476	Diisopromine	experimental			
DB13477	Sodium apolate	experimental			
DB13478	Meptazinol	experimental			
DB13479	Histapyrrodine	experimental		Histapyrrodine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13480	Lentinan	experimental,investigational			
DB13481	Tenidap	experimental			
DB13482	Dimefline	experimental			
DB13483	Etamsylate	experimental			
DB13484	Quinbolone	experimental			
DB13485	Sulfametomidine	experimental			
DB13486	Magnesium peroxide	experimental			
DB13487	Iodine (131I) norcholesterol	experimental			
DB13488	Bencyclane	experimental	A vasodilator agent found to be effective in a variety of peripheral circulation disorders. It has various other potentially useful pharmacological effects. Its mechanism may involve block of calcium channels.		
DB13489	Bamipine	experimental			
DB13490	Hidrosmin	experimental			
DB13491	Fluperolone	experimental			
DB13492	Policresulen	experimental,investigational			
DB13493	Cyclobutyrol	experimental			
DB13494	Dimetofrine	experimental			
DB13495	Paraoxon	experimental			
DB13496	Iprindole	experimental			
DB13497	Valethamate	experimental			
DB13499	Cefsulodin	experimental			
DB13500	Otilonium	experimental,investigational			
DB13501	Bendazac	approved,withdrawn	Bendazac is an oxyacetic acid [A39863, A39869]. Despite possessing anti-inflammatory, anti-necrotic, choleretic, and anti-lipidemic characteristics, most research has revolved around studying and demonstrating the agent's principal action in inhibiting the denaturation of proteins - an effect that has primarily proven useful in managing and delaying the progression of ocular cataracts [A39863. A39863]. Bendazac, however, has since been withdrawn or discontinued in various international regions due to its capability or risk for eliciting hepatotoxicity [A39891, A39892, A39893, L4778] in patients although a small handful of regions may continue to have the medication available for purchase and use either as a topical anti-inflammatory/analgesic cream or eye drop formulation.		
DB13502	Budipine	experimental			
DB13503	Tyrothricin	approved	Tyrothricin is an antibiotic peptide complex produced and extracted from the aerobic Gram-positive bacillus Brevibacillus parabrevis [L4019, L4021, A32851] which was previously categorized as Bacillus brevis and Bacillus aneurinolyticus [A36353]. This complex is a mixture comprised of 60% tyrocidine cationic cyclic decapeptides (consisting largely of the six predominant tyrocidines, TrcA/A1, TrcB/B1, TrcC/C1, and other more minor contributors) and 40% neutral linear gramicidins (where valine-gramicidin A is often the major gramicidin present, although the mixture composition can vary) [L4019, L4021, L4022]. Moreover, tyrothricin possesses broad spectrum Gram-positive antibacterial and antifungal activity that has not seen many - if any - significant reportings of microbial resistance during the over 60 years of therapeutic use the complex has provided [A36360]. Nevertheless, as tyrothricin is both cytolytic and hemolytic, it does demonstrate systemic toxicity [L4019, L4021, L4022], although certain formulations that are safe for human use like throat lozenges do exist [L4028].		
DB13504	Cefetamet	experimental			
DB13505	Emepronium	experimental			
DB13506	Carfecillin	experimental			
DB13507	Poldine	experimental			
DB13508	Cloranolol	experimental			
DB13509	Aloxiprin	experimental			
DB13510	Buflomedil	experimental			
DB13511	Clebopride	experimental			
DB13512	Clefamide	experimental			
DB13513	Tribromometacresol	experimental			
DB13514	Pranoprofen	experimental,investigational			
DB13515	Levomethadone	experimental			
DB13516	Clodantoin	experimental			
DB13517	Angiotensinamide	experimental			
DB13518	Alginic acid	approved,investigational	Alginic acid, also referred to as algin or alginate, is a hydrophilic or anionic polysaccharide isolated from certain brown seaweed (_Phacophycae_) via alkaline extraction. It is present in cell walls of brown algae where it forms a viscous gel when binding with water. Alginic acid is a linear polymer consisted of L-glucuronic acid and D-mannuronic acid residues connected via 1,4-glycosidic linkages [A32961]. Available in different types of salt, alginic acid has been used in a variety of uses in food, cosmetics and pharmaceu-tical products for over 100 years [A32961]. Alginic acid is an FDA-approved food ingredient in soup and soup mixes as an emulsifier, thickener, and stabilizer [L2693]. It is also available in oral dietary supplements and is found in antacids such as Gaviscon to inhibit gastroesophageal reflux by creating a physical barrier in presence of gastric acid [F46]. Alginate-based raft-forming formulations in the management of heartburn and gastric acid reflux have been used worldwide for over 30 years [A32961].		
DB13519	Cerium oxalate	experimental			
DB13520	Metergoline	approved	Metergoline is an ergot-derived psychoactive drug that acts as a ligand for serotonin and dopamine receptors. Metergoline is an antagonist at various 5-HT receptor subtypes at a relatively low concentration and agonist at dopamine receptors.[A27181] Its use has been studied in various clinical settings such as a treatment for seasonal affective disorder, prolactin hormone regulation due to its inhibitory effect on prolactin release,[A27182] premenstrual dysphoric disorder in women and antianxiety treatment.[A27183]		
DB13521	Alipogene tiparvovec	approved,investigational			
DB13522	Mebicar	experimental			
DB13523	Veralipride	experimental			
DB13524	Propyphenazone	experimental			
DB13525	Althea root	experimental			
DB13526	Pentaerithrityl	experimental			
DB13527	Proglumetacin	experimental			
DB13528	Chlormadinone	experimental			
DB13529	Dobesilic acid	experimental,investigational			
DB13530	Mepindolol	experimental	Mepindolol is a 2-methyl derivative of pindolol. It is a beta blocker.		
DB13531	Nicofetamide	experimental			
DB13532	Cyclopenthiazide	approved	Cyclopenthiazide is a thiazide diuretic with antihypertensive properties. In a double blind, randomized crossover study, cyclopenthiazide was effective in reducing diastolic blood pressure in mildly hypertensive non-insulin dependent diabetic patients [A27180]. It is a positive allosteric modulator at AMPA-A receptors [T28].		
DB13533	Methylestrenolone	experimental			
DB13534	Gedocarnil	experimental			
DB13535	Nebacumab	experimental			
DB13536	Broxyquinoline	experimental			
DB13537	Gitoformate	experimental			
DB13538	Guacetisal	experimental			
DB13539	Iodoxamic acid	experimental	Radiopaque medium used in the diagnosis of gall bladder & bile duct diseases, usually as meglumine salt.		
DB13540	Isepamicin	experimental			
DB13541	Iprazochrome	experimental			
DB13542	Bevonium	experimental			
DB13543	Mitobronitol	experimental			
DB13544	Ethenzamide	experimental			
DB13545	Isobromindione	experimental			
DB13546	Nizofenone	experimental			
DB13547	Sulfatolamide	experimental			
DB13548	Dibrompropamidine	experimental			
DB13549	4-dimethylaminophenol	experimental			
DB13550	Bifemelane	experimental			
DB13551	Cinchophen	experimental			
DB13552	Trifluperidol	experimental			
DB13553	Carumonam	experimental			
DB13554	Moperone	experimental			
DB13555	Prajmaline	experimental			
DB13556	Sulfamazone	experimental			
DB13557	Thiopropazate	experimental			
DB13558	Morclofone	experimental			
DB13559	Rimiterol	experimental			
DB13560	Dextranomer	experimental			
DB13561	Clobenzorex	experimental			
DB13563	Norgestrienone	experimental			
DB13564	Zipeprol	experimental			
DB13565	Benzoxonium	experimental			
DB13566	Sequifenadine	experimental			
DB13567	Desaspidin	experimental			
DB13568	Diodone	experimental			
DB13569	Ferrous chloride	experimental			
DB13570	Oxidized cellulose	experimental			
DB13571	Pentamycin	experimental			
DB13572	Emylcamate	experimental			
DB13573	Acefylline	experimental			
DB13574	Heptaminol	experimental			
DB13575	Bietaserpine	experimental			
DB13576	Aluminium nicotinate	experimental			
DB13577	Allobarbital	experimental			
DB13578	Metabutethamine	experimental			
DB13579	Mepixanox	experimental			
DB13580	Succinylsulfathiazole	experimental			
DB13581	Rociverine	experimental			
DB13582	Ferric (59Fe) citrate	experimental			
DB13583	Mephenesin	approved	Mephenesin is a synthetic cresol glyceryl ether which produces transient muscle relaxation and paralysis via central nervous system depression [A32760]. It first entered use in the 1950s.		
DB13584	Gallamine	experimental			
DB13585	Aminoethyl nitrate	experimental			
DB13586	Metandienone	experimental			
DB13587	Mesterolone	experimental	Mesterolone is a synthetic anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) and derivative of dihydrotestosterone (DHT). It is inactivated by 3α-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase in skeleta muscules so it is considered a weak androgen. It is not a substrate for aromatase so it is not converted into estrogen. Mesterolone demonstrated to have minimal effect on sperm counts and levels of FSH or LH [A27177, A27178]. Experiments of mesterolone serving as a potential treatment of depression are still undergoing.		
DB13588	Naftidrofuryl	experimental			
DB13590	Calcium pangamate	experimental			
DB13591	Metopimazine	experimental			
DB13592	Etamiphylline	experimental			
DB13593	Zolimidine	experimental			
DB13595	Almasilate	approved,experimental	Almasilate is a buffering antacid that has been used in peptic ulcers and dyspepsia. It is a crystalline polyhydrate of aluminium/magnesium silicate and mediates its buffering activity by binding hydrogen ions within the polymer. However its therapeutic efficacy is not comparable to other approved antacids, as it is no more effective in neutralizing acid and binding bile salts than other conventional antacids [A27138].Given that there are generally more widely available conventional antacids that are just as - if not more - effective than almasilate, almasilate products are only available in certain parts of Europe and/or Asia.		
DB13596	Oxycinchophen	experimental			
DB13597	Moroxydine	experimental			
DB13598	Diethyl ether	experimental			
DB13599	Difetarsone	experimental			
DB13600	Deltamethrin	experimental			
DB13601	Oxiracetam	experimental			
DB13602	Promegestone	experimental			
DB13603	Pyrrolnitrin	experimental			
DB13604	Guanazodine	experimental			
DB13605	Phenoperidine	experimental			
DB13606	Phenazocine	experimental			
DB13607	Picloxydine	experimental			
DB13608	Tiocarlide	experimental			
DB13609	Umifenovir	investigational	Umifenovir is an indole-based, hydrophobic, dual-acting direct antiviral/host-targeting agent used for the treatment and prophylaxis of influenza and other respiratory infections.[A191475] It has been in use in Russia for approximately 25 years and in China since 2006. Its invention is credited to a collaboration between Russian scientists from several research institutes 40-50 years ago, and reports of its chemical synthesis date back to 1993.[A191475] Umifenovir's ability to exert antiviral effects through multiple pathways has resulted in considerable investigation into its use for a variety of enveloped and non-enveloped RNA and DNA viruses, including _Flavivirus_,[A191388] Zika virus,[A191391] foot-and-mouth disease,[A191394] Lassa virus,[A191403] Ebola virus,[A191403] herpes simplex,[A191409], hepatitis B and C viruses, chikungunya virus, reovirus, Hantaan virus, and coxsackie virus B5.[A191475,A191412] This dual activity may also confer additional protection against viral resistance, as the development of resistance to umifenovir does not appear to be significant.[A191475]Umifenovir is currently being investigated as a potential treatment and prophylactic agent for COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV2 infections in combination with both currently available and investigational HIV therapies.[A191385,A191550,L12012]		
DB13610	Flumedroxone	experimental			
DB13611	Chlormidazole	experimental			
DB13612	Carbaspirin calcium	experimental,investigational			
DB13613	Ticlatone	experimental			
DB13614	Metizoline	experimental			
DB13615	Mifamurtide	approved,experimental	Mifamurtide is an immunomodulator with antitumor activity via activation of macrophages and monocytes. Also called L-MTP-PE, mifamurtide may be a liposomal form of of the active ingredient MTP-PE, which is a synthetic, less pyrogenic, and longer-acting derivative of muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP is a motif present in all gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial walls that is recognized by different signalling molecules and activators such as nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptors (NLRs) and toll-like receptors present in macrophages and monocytes. The overall result of MDP recognition leads to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and promotion of bactericidal and tumoricidal effects [A31745]. As a liposomal formulation, mifamurtide demonstrates an enhanced tumoricidal effect and improved safety profile [A31745].Mifamurtide is marketed in Europe as Mepact for intravenous infusion. It is administered as an adjuvant therapy to postoperative combination chemotherapy in pediatric, adolescent or adult patients with high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection. In the US, it is currently under investigation that holds orphan drug status for the treatment of osteosarcoma [A31746].Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant bone tumor that usually arises in the metaphyses of long bone in children and adolescents [A31744]. The standard therapy for osteosarcoma is comprised of macroscopic surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy consisting of doxorubicin, cisplatin, high-dose methotrexate with leucovorin rescue, and ifosfamide [A31744]. While about 90% of patients with newly diagnosed osteosarcoma may achieve complete remission from first-line therapies, the prognosis is still poor for patients with non-metastatic osteosarcoma with lower 5-year event-free survival. In a large, randomized, open-label, multicenter, phase III trial, the treatment of mifamurtide in conjunction with three- or four-drug combination chemotherapy (doxorubicin, cisplatin, and high-dose methotrexate with, or without, ifosfamide) was associated with significant improvement in survival rates and good tolerance [A31746]. The adverse events (AEs) associated with mifamurtide were generally mild to moderate in severity [A31748].		
DB13616	Melagatran	experimental			
DB13617	Clorexolone	experimental			
DB13618	Ipriflavone	experimental			
DB13619	Bornaprine	experimental			
DB13620	Potassium gluconate	approved	Potassium gluconate is a salt of [DB01345] and is classified as a food additive by the FDA [L2654]. It is also used as a potassium supplement [L2657]. Potassium is an essential nutrient. It is the most abundant cation in the intracellular fluid, where it plays a key role in maintaining cell function [A32222].In dietary supplements, potassium is often present as potassium chloride, but many other forms—including potassium citrate, phosphate, aspartate, bicarbonate, and **gluconate**—are also used [L2652]. Potassium gluconate is believed to be more palatable and non-acidifying than potassium chloride (KCl) [L2658].		
DB13621	Tetragalacturonic acid hydroxymethylester	experimental			
DB13622	Selenium (75Se) norcholesterol	experimental			
DB13623	Fabomotizole	experimental			
DB13624	Methoxyphenamine	approved			
DB13625	Carbuterol	experimental			
DB13626	Aluminium glycinate	experimental			
DB13627	Oxolinic acid	experimental			
DB13628	Ethyl hydroxybenzoate	approved,experimental			
DB13629	Mofebutazone	experimental			
DB13630	Bibenzonium	experimental			
DB13631	Methoserpidine	experimental			
DB13632	Protiofate	experimental			
DB13633	Mepartricin	experimental			
DB13634	Pentifylline	experimental			
DB13635	Tiracizine	experimental			
DB13636	Etanautine	experimental			
DB13637	Tenitramine	experimental			
DB13638	Cefbuperazone	experimental			
DB13639	Ferrous tartrate	experimental			
DB13640	Acetoxolone	experimental			
DB13641	Metisazone	experimental			
DB13642	Pridinol	experimental			
DB13643	Loprazolam	experimental	Loprazolam is an imidazobenzodiazepine with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is indicated for the short-term treatment of insomnia including difficulty in falling asleep and/or frequent nocturnal awakenings. Loprazolam is recommended as a short-term therapy only, due to adverse events associated with the drug including dependence and withdrawal symptoms. It is a positive modulator of GABA-A receptor that enhances the inhibitory neurotransmission. It is not an FDA-approved drug.		
DB13644	Methylthiouracil	experimental			
DB13645	Ethacizine	experimental			
DB13646	Saruplase	experimental			
DB13647	Semustine	experimental,investigational			
DB13648	Alcuronium	experimental	A non-depolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant similar to [tubocurarine]. It is used as an anesthesia adjuvant.		
DB13649	Proquazone	experimental			
DB13650	Aloglutamol	experimental	Aloglutamol is an antacid salt of aluminium, gluconic acid, and tris. Proprietary names include Altris, Pyreses, Tasto and Sabro.		
DB13651	Lorajmine	experimental			
DB13652	Bunaftine	experimental			
DB13653	Lorcainide	experimental			
DB13654	Montmorillonite	experimental,investigational			
DB13655	Nikethamide	experimental			
DB13656	Eberconazole	experimental			
DB13657	Benorilate	approved			
DB13658	Hemoglobin raffimer	experimental,investigational			
DB13659	Tenonitrozole	experimental			
DB13660	Propicillin	experimental			
DB13661	Niridazole	experimental			
DB13662	Hexapropymate	experimental			
DB13663	Clofenamide	experimental			
DB13664	Formocortal	experimental			
DB13665	Fluanisone	experimental			
DB13666	Tiemonium iodide	experimental			
DB13667	Cefozopran	experimental			
DB13668	Ipidacrine	experimental			
DB13669	Morpholine	experimental			
DB13670	Oxantel	experimental			
DB13671	Sulbentine	experimental			
DB13672	Dimethylaminopropionylphenothiazine	experimental			
DB13673	Bekanamycin	experimental			
DB13674	Cridanimod	experimental			
DB13675	Metahexamide	experimental			
DB13676	Mosapramine	experimental			
DB13677	Carboquone	experimental			
DB13678	Dihexyverine	experimental			
DB13679	Dexchlorpheniramine	experimental,investigational	Dexchlorpheniramine is a potent S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine. The salt form dexchlorpheniramine maleate as the active ingredient is available as a prescription drug indicated for adjunctive therapy for allergic and anaphylactic reactions. It is an antihistamine drug with anticholinergic (drying) and sedative actions. It disrupts histamine signaling by competing with histamine for cell receptor sites on effector cells.	Dexchlorpheniramine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13680	Naftazone	approved			
DB13681	Butalamine	experimental			
DB13682	Cefpirome	approved			
DB13683	Quinisocaine	experimental			
DB13684	Omoconazole	experimental			
DB13685	Quingestanol	experimental			
DB13686	Clometocillin	experimental			
DB13687	Niaprazine	experimental	Niaprazine is a selective brain catecholamine depletor.		
DB13688	Drisapersen	experimental,investigational			
DB13689	Tacalcitol	experimental,investigational			
DB13690	Vinyl ether	experimental			
DB13691	Acetyldigoxin	experimental			
DB13692	Tretoquinol	experimental			
DB13693	Sulbenicillin	experimental			
DB13694	Distigmine	experimental	Distigmine is a parasympathomimetic agent with a longer duration of action and enhanced drug accumulation compared to [DB00545] and [DB01400]. It is an anticholinergic drug and long-acting reversible carbamate cholinesterase inhibitor that binds directly and competitively to the agonist binding sites of muscurinic receptors. Distigmine is available in several countries as a treatment of underactive detrusor and voiding dysfunction in the urinary tract where the active ingredient is distigmine bromide. It improves detrusor function thereby restoring normal voiding patterns in patients suffering from detrusor underactivity [A27176].		
DB13695	Penthienate	experimental			
DB13696	Bromochlorosalicylanilide	experimental			
DB13697	Ambazone	experimental			
DB13698	Ferrous carbonate	experimental			
DB13699	Sulfathiourea	experimental			
DB13700	Protamine	experimental,investigational			
DB13701	Ioglicic acid	experimental			
DB13702	Tibezonium iodide	experimental			
DB13703	Gepefrine	experimental			
DB13704	Pristinamycin	experimental,investigational			
DB13705	Decamethoxine	experimental			
DB13706	Eosin	experimental			
DB13707	Sodium tartrate	approved	Sodium tartrate is a disodium salt of l-( + )-tartaric acid that is identified by transparent, colorless, and odorless crystals. It is obtained as a byproduct of wine manufacturing. Sodium tartrate is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) as a direct human food ingredient. It acts as an emulsifier and pH control agent in food products [L2590].This compound is commonly used as an emulsifier in cheese/cheese spread products and is not to exceed 4% concentration, according to Health Canada regulations [L2594].		
DB13708	Fenquizone	experimental			
DB13709	Ciclonicate	experimental			
DB13710	Metenolone	experimental			
DB13711	Tritoqualine	approved		Tritoqualine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13712	Dixanthogen	experimental			
DB13713	Quifenadine	experimental			
DB13714	Xibornol	experimental			
DB13715	Dilazep	experimental			
DB13716	Dibutylphthalate	experimental			
DB13717	Phenothrin	experimental			
DB13718	Hydroquinine	experimental			
DB13719	Trolnitrate	experimental			
DB13720	Diphemanil	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn			
DB13721	Cypermethrin	experimental			
DB13722	Pirprofen	experimental			
DB13723	Meldonium	experimental			
DB13724	Nifuratel	experimental			
DB13725	Terodiline	experimental			
DB13726	Sulfaguanidine	experimental			
DB13727	Azapetine	experimental			
DB13728	Halometasone	experimental			
DB13729	Camostat	experimental	Camostat mesylate, or FOY-305, is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor.[A193842,A193848] It was first described in the literature in 1981, as part of research on the inhibition of skin tumors in mice.[A198807] Camostat mesylate inhibits cholecystokinin, pro-inflammatory cytokines, and serine proteases, leading to it being investigated for multiple indications including the treatment of COVID-19.[A198771,A198777,A193800]Camostat mesylate was first approved in Japan in January 2006.[L13197]		
DB13730	Nifurtoinol	experimental			
DB13731	Butamirate	experimental			
DB13732	Meglumine antimoniate	experimental,investigational			
DB13733	Methylpentynol	experimental			
DB13734	Biphenylol	experimental			
DB13735	Potassium guaiacolsulfonate	experimental	Guaiacolsulfonate is an aromatic sulfonic acid. Potassium guaiacolsulfonate salt is an expectorant that thins the mucus in the lungs and reduces chest congestion.		
DB13736	Fenoxazoline	experimental			
DB13737	Cyclobarbital	experimental			
DB13738	Camylofin	experimental			
DB13739	Penamecillin	experimental			
DB13740	Bemegride	experimental	Bemegride is a CNS stimulant that is used to induce convulsions in experimental animals. It has also been used as a respiratory stimulant and in the treatment of barbiturate overdose.		
DB13741	Ioglycamic acid	experimental			
DB13742	Elcatonin	experimental			
DB13743	Sodium aurotiosulfate	approved,experimental			
DB13744	Piromidic acid	experimental			
DB13745	Fazadinium bromide	experimental			
DB13746	Bioallethrin	approved,experimental	Bioallethrin refers to a mixture of two of the allethrin isomers (1R,trans;1R and 1R,trans;1S) in an approximate ratio of 1:1, where both isomers are active ingredients. A mixture of the two same stereoisomers, but in an approximate ratio of R:S in 1:3, is called esbiothrin. A mixture containing only S-forms of allethrin is referred to as esbioallethrin or S-bioallethrin. Bioallethrin is a synthetic pyrethroid used as a pesticide against household pest insects such as mosquitoes, houseflies and cockroaches. It is claimed to have low mammalian toxicity.		
DB13747	Trolamine	approved	Trolamine, which is also referred to as triethanolamine (TEA), is a tertiary amine and a triol. It is a bifunctional compound that exhibits both properties of alcohols and amines. Trolamine contains small amounts of diethanolamine and ethanolamine and may also act as an antioxidant against the auto-oxidation of animal and vegetable fats [A27174]. It is commonly used as a pH adjuster and surfactant in industrial and cosmetic products such as skin and hair conditioning products.		
DB13748	Tidiacic arginine	experimental			
DB13749	Magnesium gluconate	approved,investigational	Magnesium gluconate is a magnesium salt of gluconate. It demonstrates the highest oral bioavailability of magnesium salts [L2608] and is used as a mineral supplement. Magnesium is ubiquitous in the human body, and is naturally present in many foods, added to other food products, available as a dietary supplement and used as an ingredient in some medicines (such as antacids and laxatives) [L2601].Although magnesium is available in the form of sulphates, lactate, hydroxide, oxide and chloride, only magnesium gluconate is recommended for magnesium supplementation as it appears to be better absorbed and causes less diarrha [A32821].This drug has been studied in the prevention of pregnancy-induced hypertension, and has displayed promising results [A32807]. In addition, it has been studied for its effects on premature uterine contractions [A32808].		
DB13750	Obidoxime	experimental			
DB13751	Glycyrrhizic acid	approved,experimental	Glycyrrhizic acid is extracted from the root of the licorice plant; _Glycyrrhiza glabra_.[F79] It is a triterpene glycoside with glycyrrhetinic acid that possesses a wide range of pharmacological and biological activities. When extracted from the plant, it can be obtained in the form of ammonium glycyrrhizin and mono-ammonium glycyrrhizin.[T204] Glycyrrhizic acid has been developed in Japan and China as a hepatoprotective drug in cases of chronic hepatitis.[A33062] From January 2014, glycyrrhizic acid as part of the licorice extract was approved by the FDA as an existing food sweetener.[F80] It was approved by Health Canada to be used in over-the-counter products but all the products are currently on the status canceled post marketed.[L1113]		
DB13752	Tetramethrin	experimental			
DB13753	Cetiedil	experimental			
DB13754	Mephenoxalone	experimental			
DB13755	Iocarmic acid	experimental			
DB13756	Peruvoside	experimental			
DB13757	Epanolol	experimental	Epanolol is an beta blocker.		
DB13758	Meclofenoxate	experimental			
DB13759	Fenpiverinium	experimental			
DB13760	Niperotidine	experimental,investigational			
DB13761	Tilactase	approved,experimental	Tilactase is a beta-D-galactosidase obtained from _Aspergillus oryzae_. It is produced as a chewable tablet that has to be taken before the consumption of a lactose-containing meal.[A27172] The beta-D-galactosidase us a large monomeric multi-domain enzyme of 985 residues that presents a catalytic (alpha/beta)8-barrel domain.[A32591] It is considered by the WHO as part of the International Nonpropietary Names for Pharmaceutical Substances.[L2338]		
DB13762	Dexrabeprazole	experimental			
DB13763	Aurotioprol	experimental			
DB13764	Monoxerutin	experimental	Monoxerutin is a flavonol, a type of flavonoid.		
DB13765	Mercuric chloride	experimental	Mercury chloride (HgCl2) is a highly toxic compound that volatizes slightly at ordinary temperature and appreciably at 100 degrees C. It is corrosive to mucous membranes and used as a topical antiseptic and disinfectant. Mercuric chloride was used to disinfect wounds by Arab physicians in the Middle Ages but modern medicine has since deemed it unsafe for use. [T112]		
DB13766	Lidoflazine	approved,experimental			
DB13767	Vorozole	experimental			
DB13768	Domiodol	experimental			
DB13769	Emetonium iodide	experimental			
DB13770	Vinylbital	experimental			
DB13771	Ferric sodium citrate	experimental			
DB13772	Rufloxacin	experimental	Rufloxacin is a quinolone antibiotic. [A31894]		
DB13773	Sulfamethoxypyridazine	experimental			
DB13774	Myristalkonium	experimental			
DB13775	Tertatolol	experimental	Tertatolol is a beta blocker.		
DB13776	Ibacitabine	experimental			
DB13777	Prenalterol	experimental			
DB13778	Cefazedone	experimental			
DB13779	Guanoclor	experimental			
DB13780	Aluminium clofibrate	experimental			
DB13781	Xamoterol	approved	Xamoterol is a β1-adrenoceptor partial agonist that has shown to improve systolic and diastolic function in studies with heart failure patients. It modulates the sympathetic control of the heart but has no agonist action on β2-adrenoceptors.		
DB13782	Imipramine oxide	experimental			
DB13783	Acemetacin	approved,investigational	Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[A31352] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[T50] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[T51]		
DB13784	Dixyrazine	experimental			
DB13785	Dropropizine	experimental			
DB13786	Magnesium orotate	experimental	Magnesium orotate is a magnesium salt of orotic acid and is poorly soluble in water. It is a source of magnesium and is used as a mineral supplement to treat Mg deficiency. Orotic acid acts as a transporter that carries magnesium into the cells. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, since it is a key intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway of pyrimidines that promotes the synthesis of enzymes which act as free radical scavengers. Experiments investigating the potential cardioprotective actions of orotic acid in pathological heart conditions are still ongoing.		
DB13787	Tilidine	experimental			
DB13788	Chlorbenzoxamine	experimental			
DB13789	Aluminium acetotartrate	experimental			
DB13790	Fipexide	experimental			
DB13791	Penfluridol	experimental			
DB13792	Clopamide	experimental	Clopamide is an oral diuretic agent with antihypertensive activity. Like thiazide diuretics, it has an aromatic sulfonamide base but with no double-ring structure.		
DB13793	Vinburnine	experimental			
DB13794	Dimethoxanate	experimental			
DB13795	Brodimoprim	experimental			
DB13796	Dibunate	experimental			
DB13797	Iodocholesterol (131I)	experimental			
DB13798	Demoxytocin	experimental			
DB13799	Ethadione	experimental			
DB13800	Calcium levulinate	approved,experimental	The relatively new calcium levulinate is produced from a direct reaction between L- or levulinic acid levulose and calcium hydroxide [L2765]. The resultant calcium levulinate formulation, when used as a calcium supplement, possesses a high calcium content that is observed to be 14.8% higher than the content typically found in calcium lactate [L2765]. This formulation is considered a low molecular weight organic calcium ion type that is easily absorbed through the intestinal wall [L2765].This new application of calcium is intended for use as a food fortifier, to fortify foods like sauces, condiments, beer, beverages, soft drinks, milk and milk products, soy milk and soy products with calcium nutrition [L2765]. Calcium levulinate can be used alone, or with calcium lactate, calcium chloride, and other compounds, either for pharmaceutical tablets, capsules, or injections preparation [L2765].		
DB13801	Muzolimine	approved,withdrawn			
DB13802	Epomediol	experimental			
DB13803	Xipamide	experimental			
DB13804	Benzylthiouracil	experimental			
DB13805	Reposal	experimental	Reposal is a barbiturate derivative invented in the 1960s in Denmark that has sedative, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. It was used primarily in the treatment of insomnia.		
DB13806	Linopirdine	experimental			
DB13807	Tisopurine	experimental			
DB13808	Mebhydrolin	experimental		Mebhydrolin H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13809	Paclitaxel poliglumex	experimental,investigational			
DB13810	Dimemorfan	experimental			
DB13811	Oblimersen	experimental,investigational			
DB13812	Bufylline	experimental			
DB13813	Iodoform	approved,experimental,vet_approved	Iodoform is an organoiodine compound with the formula CHI3 and a tetrahedral molecular geometry. It is a relatively water-insoluble yellow solid that is chemically reactive in free-radical reactions [A32890]. Due to its antimicrobial properties following topical administration, minimal levels of iodoform may be found in disinfectants and it is more primarily used for veterinary purposes. Iodoform has also been found in dental paste and root canal filling materials in combination with other intracanal medications due to its radiopacity [A32893]. Since the beginning of the 20th century, iodoform has been commonly used as a healing and antiseptic dressing or powder for wounds and sores, however such clinical use to this date is limited. Iodoform is soluble in fatty acids and decomposes releasing iodine in nascent state (96,7% of iodine) when in contact with secretions or endodontic infections [A32893].		
DB13814	Talampicillin	experimental			
DB13815	Xenysalate	experimental			
DB13816	Aspoxicillin	experimental			
DB13817	Carbromal	experimental			
DB13818	Bibrocathol	experimental			
DB13819	Proxazole	experimental			
DB13820	Oxomemazine	experimental		Oxomemazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13821	Ceftezole	experimental			
DB13822	Meprotixol	experimental			
DB13823	Pipemidic acid	experimental			
DB13824	Enprostil	experimental			
DB13825	Fedrilate	experimental			
DB13826	Etohexadiol	experimental			
DB13827	Indanazoline	experimental			
DB13828	Cyfluthrin	experimental			
DB13829	Calcium silicate	experimental			
DB13830	Copper usnate	experimental			
DB13831	Potassium permanganate	experimental,investigational			
DB13832	Ranimustine	experimental			
DB13833	Methylatropine	experimental			
DB13834	Phenylmercuric borate	experimental			
DB13835	Caroverine	experimental			
DB13836	Metampicillin	experimental	Metampicillin is a penicillin antibiotic prepared by the reaction of ampicillin with formaldehyde. It is hydrolysed in aqueous solution to form ampicillin. Hydrolysis is rapid under acid conditions like the stomach.		
DB13837	Doxefazepam	experimental			
DB13838	Noxytiolin	approved	Local antibacterial that probably acts by releasing formaldehyde in aqueous solutions. It is used for THERAPEUTIC IRRIGATION of infected body cavities - bladder, peritoneum, etc. and as a spray for burns.		
DB13839	Dipyrocetyl	experimental			
DB13840	Hydroxyethylpromethazine	experimental		Hydroxyethylpromethazine H1-Antihistamine Action	
DB13841	Clopenthixol	experimental	Clopenthixol is a thioxanthene with therapeutic actions similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. It is an antagonist at D1 and D2 dopamine receptors.		
DB13842	Etofylline nicotinate	experimental	Etofylline nicotinate, a theophylline derivative, is a drug that causes vasodilation and relaxation of smooth muscle.		
DB13843	Cloprednol	experimental	Cloprednol is a synthetic glucocorticoid that has been investigated for use in the treatment of asthma. [A31775,A31776]		
DB13844	Pipenzolate	experimental			
DB13845	Etafenone	experimental	Etafenone is a vasodilator.		
DB13846	Pyrrobutamine	experimental			
DB13847	Rhenium Re-186 sulfide	experimental			
DB13848	Fluorodopa (18F)	approved,experimental	Fluorodopa F 18 is a fluorinated analog of [levodopa] used as a diagnostic agent for positron emission tomography (PET) in the evaluation of Parkinsonian syndromes.[L12849] Fluorodopa F 18 PET is used adjunctly with other diagnostic investigations and serves primarily to visualize dopaminergic nerve terminals in the striatum.[L12849]		
DB13849	Clofibride	experimental			
DB13850	Timepidium	experimental			
DB13851	Artemotil	approved	Artemotil, also known as β-arteether, is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin and a fast acting blood schizonticide specifically indicated for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant _Plasmodium falciparum_ malaria and cerebral malaria cases.		
DB13852	Mefenorex	experimental			
DB13853	Anethole trithione	approved,experimental	Anethole trithione (ATT) appears to have a broad range of unique functions, from increasing salivary secretion to help treat xerostomia [A27165, A32618, A32620, A32621], to demonstrating an ability to inhibit carcinogenesis by increasing the activity of electrophile detoxification enzymes [A32619], and even being used as an adjunctive therapy for cholecystitis, gallstone, indigestion, and acute/chronic hepatitis [L2388] and is marketed in certain countries like France, Germany, and China [A32614].Unfortunately, many of the specific mechanisms of action to these activities have yet to be formally elucidated, which means that while studies are ongoing, ATT itself is not necessarily formally indicated for many of these aforementioned functions at this time and is only used in limited regions around the world.		
DB13854	Gamolenic acid	approved,investigational	Gamolenic acid, or gamma-linolenic acid (γ-Linolenic acid) or GLA, is an essential fatty acid (EFA) comprised of 18 carbon atoms with three double bonds [F27] that is most commonly found in human milk and other botanical sources [A32848]. It is an omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) also referred to as 18:3n-6; 6,9,12-octadecatrienoic acid; and cis-6, cis-9, cis-12- octadecatrienoic acid [F27]. Gamolenic acid is produced minimally in the body as the delta 6-desaturase metabolite of [DB00132]. It is converted to [DB00154], a biosynthetic precursor of monoenoic prostaglandins such as PGE1. While Gamolenic acid is found naturally in the fatty acid fractions of some plant seed oils [F27], [DB11358] and [DB11238] are rich sources of gamolenic acid. Evening primrose oil has been investigated for clinical use in menopausal syndrome, diabetic neuropathy, and breast pain, where gamolenic acid is present at concentrations of 7-14% [F27]. Gamolenic acid may be found in over-the-counter dietary supplements. Gamolenic acid is also found in some fungal sources and also present naturally in the form of triglycerides [F27]. Various clinical indications of gamolenic acid have been studied, including rheumatoid arthritis, atopic eczema, acute respiratory distress syndrome, asthma, premenstrual syndrome, cardiovascular disease, ulcerative colitis, ADHD, cancer, osteoporosis, diabetic neuropathy, and insomnia.		
DB13855	Nifuroxazide	experimental			
DB13856	Fluclorolone	experimental			
DB13857	Demegestone	experimental	Demegestone is a progesterone receptor agonist that was previously used to treat luteal insufficiency. It was previously marketed in France as Lutionex, but has since been discontinued.		
DB13858	Dimazole	approved,withdrawn	Dimazole (diamthazole) is an antifungal. It was withdrawn in Franch in 1972 due to neuropsychiatric reactions.		
DB13860	Imidazole salicylate	experimental			
DB13861	Iopentol	experimental	Iopentol is used as a contrast medium.		
DB13862	Magnesium phosphate	experimental			
DB13863	Fosfructose	experimental			
DB13864	Hemoglobin crosfumaril	experimental	Hemoglobin in which the alpha-subunit are cross-linked intramolecularly.		
DB13865	Dehydroemetine	investigational			
DB13866	Etynodiol	experimental	Etynodiol (INN), or ethynodiol (BAN) is a steroidal progestin related to norethisterone which was never marketed. While etynodiol is sometimes used as a synonym for etynodiol diacetate, it usually refers to etynodiol diacetate (see [DB00823]), not etynodiol.		
DB13867	Fluticasone	approved,experimental	Fluticasone is a synthetic glucocorticoid available as 2 esters, [DB08906] and [DB00588][F4355,F4358,F4361,F4364][FDA Label]. These drugs are available as inhalers, nasal, sprays, and topical treatments for various inflammatory indications[F4355,F4358,F4361,F4364][FDA Label]. [DB00588] was first approved in 1990[L5962] and [DB08906] was approved in 2007[L5965].		
DB13868	Adefovir	investigational			
DB13869	2-Methoxy-6-{(E)-[(4-methylphenyl)imino]methyl}phenol	experimental	TIMBD is an azaresveratrol analog.		
DB13871	Albendazole oxide	experimental			
DB13872	Lormetazepam	approved	Lormatazepam is an orally available benzodiazepine used in the UK for the treatment of short-term insomnia [L927]. It is marketed by Auden Mckenzie (Pharma Division) in 0.5 and 1 mg tablet formulations.		
DB13873	Fenofibric acid	approved	Fenofibric acid is a lipid-lowering agent that is used in severe hypertriglyceridemia, primary hyperlipidemia, and mixed dyslipidemia. It works to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B, while increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.[A32038,L12855] Due to its high hydrophilicity and poor absorption profile,[A32038] prodrug ,[fenofibrate], and other conjugated compounds of fenofibric acid, such as choline fenofibrate, have been developed for improved solubility, gastrointestinal absorption, and bioavailability, and more convenient administration.[A32038,A193362]		
DB13874	Enasidenib	approved,investigational	Enasidenib is an orally available treatment for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with specific mutations in the isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (IDH2) gene, which is a recurrent mutation detected in 12-20% of adult patients with AML [A20344, A20345]. Patients eligible for this treatment are selected by testing the presence of IDH2 mutations in the blood or bone marrow. This small molecule acts as an allosteric inhibitor of mutant IDH2 enzyme to prevent cell growth, and it also has shown to block several other enzymes that play a role in abnormal cell differentiation. First developed by Agios Pharmaceuticals and licensed to Celgene, enasidenib was approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 1, 2017.		
DB13875	Harmaline	experimental			
DB13876	Brofaromine	experimental			
DB13877	Iniparib	investigational			
DB13878	Pibrentasvir	approved,investigational	Pibrentasvir is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication and viron assembly. In combination with [DB13879], pibrentastiv is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS5A inhibitors. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at known NS5A inhibitor resistance-associated positions in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility and resistance to pibrentasvir [FDA Label]. These resistance-associated amino acid substitutions included Q30D/deletion, Y93D/H/N or H58D +Y93H in genotype 1a replicons, F28S + M31I or P29S + K30G in genotype 2a replicons, and Y93H in genotype 3a replicons. Individual NS5A amino acid substitutions that reduced susceptibility to pibrentasvir include M28G or Q30D in a genotype 1a replicon and P32-deletion in a genotype 1b replicon [FDA Label]. Pibrentasvir is available as an oral combination therapy with [DB13879] under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis [L940]. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both [L940]. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of ≥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6 [FDA Label].		
DB13879	Glecaprevir	approved,investigational	Glecaprevir is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3/4A protease inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication. In combination with [DB13878], glecaprevir is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS3/4A protease inhibitors. It demonstrates a high genetic barrier against resistance mutations of the virus. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at NS3 resistance-associated positions A156 or D/Q168 in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility to glecaprevir [FDA Label]. The combinations of amino acid substitutions at NS3 position Y65H and D/Q168 also results in greater reductions in glecaprevir susceptibility, and NS3 Q80R in genotype 3a patients also leads to glecaprevir resistance [FDA Label]. Glecaprevir is available as an oral combination therapy with [DB13878] under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis [L940]. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both [L940]. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of ≥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6 [FDA Label].		
DB13881	Tisagenlecleucel	approved,investigational	Tisagenlecleucel is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapy, or a CAR-T cell therapy for B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. It was granted approval by FDA in August 2017 under the market name Kymriah. Tisagenlecleucel is an immunocellular therapy that involves autologous T cells that are collected from each individual patient and genetically engineered to express a specific protein called a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that specifically target CD19 antigens. Modified T cells are infused back into the patient's body. These CD19-directed chimeric antigen receptors (CD19 CAR-T cells) direct the T cells to targt and kill leukiemia cells that express a specific antigen (CD19) on the cell surface.In a multicenter clinical trial involving pediatric and young adult patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL, the overall remission rate within three months of treatment was 83 percent [L942].		
DB13882	Methyl nicotinate	approved	Methyl nicotinate is the methyl ester of [DB00627] that is used as an active ingredient as a rubefacient in over-the-counter topical preparations indicated for muscle and joint pain. The action of methyl nicotinate as a rubefacient is thought to involve peripheral vasodilation. For veterinary purposes, methyl nicotinate is used to treat respiratory diseases, vascular disorders, rheumatoid arthritis, and muscle and joint pains [F64].		
DB13883	Coral snake (micrurus fulvius) immune globulin antivenin (equine)	approved,experimental	North American Coral Snake Antivenin (Equine) is a horse-derived antivenin indicated for the treatment of envenomation caused by North American coral snake bites. It is intravenously administered so that the antivenin binds to and neutralizes coral snake venom.The antivenin is a refined, concentrated, and lyophilized preparation of serum globulins obtained by fractionating blood from healthy horses that have been immunized with eastern coral snake (Micrurus fulvius fulvius) venom [FDA Label]. Prior to lyophilization, the product contains 0.25% phenol and 0.005% thiomerosal (mercury derivative) [FDA Label].		
DB13884	Albutrepenonacog alfa	approved	Albutrepenonacog alfa (rIX-RFP) is a recombinant fusion protein that links a recombinant coagulation factor IX (rFIX) with a recombinant human albumin (rAlbumin).[A32547] It was developed by CSL Behring Canada, Inc and approved by Health Canada on April 26, 2017. It was also approved by FDA and EMA in 2016. It is currently marketed in the forms of 250, 500, 1000 and 2000 IU/vial.[L2305]		
DB13885	Ferric subsulfate	approved,experimental	Ferric subsulfate is a stypic or hemostatic agent that causes agglutination of surface proteins resulting in local hemostasis. It has the chemical formula Fe4(OH)2(SO4)5. It is used after superficial skin biopsies.		
DB13886	Human cytomegalovirus immune globulin	approved	Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin is obtained from pooled adult human plasma selected for high titers of antibody for cytomegalovirus (CMV). It contains purified immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies targeting cytomegalovirus (CMV)[FDA label].Cytomegalovirus, a member of the herpes virus family, is ubiquitous the human population, leading to infections which are followed by life-long dormancy in the host with occasional reactivations and recurrent infections. The seroprevalence of antibodies in adults ranges from 40-100 % with an inverse correlation to socioeconomic status. The transmission of cytomegalovirus infection requires intimate contact with infected excretions such as saliva, urine, cervical and vaginal excretions, semen, breast milk and blood [L2228].CMV infection can lead to a high fever and severe organ-specific damage with significant morbidity and mortality rates. Cytomegalovirus (CMV) may lead to a wide spectrum of infection in immunocompetent hosts. Sites most often involved include the lung (severe community-acquired viral pneumonia), liver (transaminitis), spleen (splenomegaly), GI tract (colitis), CNS (encephalitis), the hematologic system (cytopenias), and multisystem involvement [L2230].During the span of an individual's life, the virus may reactivate, resulting in repeated shedding and spread of the virus. Molecular mechanisms have been identified by which show that CMVs interfere with the host immune system. Finally, however, the infection is normally controlled by the host's immune response. As a consequence, CMV disease is restricted to the immunocompromised or immunologically immature host, in which it can lead the devastating result of transplant rejection  [A32498], [L2229].		
DB13887	Meningococcal polysaccharide vaccine group W-135	approved,experimental,investigational	Meningococcal group W-135 polysaccharide is group-specific polysaccharide antigens extracted and purified from *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup W-135. *N. meningitidis* is a bacteria that causes endemic and epidemic diseases including meningitis and meningococcemia. It is subcutaneously administered as an active immunization against the invasive meningococcal disease caused by the serogroup W-135.		
DB13888	Meningococcal polysaccharide vaccine group Y	approved,experimental,investigational	Meningococcal group Y polysaccharide is group-specific polysaccharide antigens extracted and purified from *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup Y. *N. meningitidis* is a bacteria that causes endemic and epidemic diseases including meningitis and meningococcemia. It is subcutaneously administered as an active immunization against the invasive meningococcal disease caused by the serogroup Y.		
DB13889	Meningococcal polysaccharide vaccine group A	approved,experimental,investigational	Meningococcal group A polysaccharide is group-specific polysaccharide antigens extracted and purified from *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup A. *N. meningitidis* is a bacteria that causes endemic and epidemic diseases including meningitis and meningococcemia. It is subcutaneously administered as an active immunization against the invasive meningococcal disease caused by the serogroup A.		
DB13890	Meningococcal polysaccharide vaccine group C	approved,experimental,investigational	Meningococcal group C polysaccharide is group-specific polysaccharide antigens extracted and purified from *Neisseria meningitidis* serogroup C. *N. meningitidis* is a bacteria that causes endemic and epidemic diseases including meningitis and meningococcemia. It is subcutaneously administered as an active immunization against the invasive meningococcal disease caused by the serogroup C.		
DB13891	Crotalus scutulatus antivenin	approved,experimental	Crotalus scutulatus antivenin is derived and purified immunoglobulin fragments obtained from other domestic animals such as sheep previously immunized with Crotalus scutulatus (also known as the _Mojave rattlesnake_ [L2856]). The final purified antivenin product is obtained by mixing other different monospecific snake antivenins and isolating the antivenin of interest through fractionation and chromatography techniques. It is intravenously administered to limit systemic toxicity [FDA label], [L2857], [L2858].CROFAB (crotalidae polyvalent immune fab (ovine))is a sheep-derived antivenin used for the management of adult and pediatric patients with North American crotalid envenomation [FDA label], which includes the Crotalus scutulatus snake (Mojave snake).Mojave rattlesnakes inhabit desert areas of the southwestern United States and central Mexico. Specimens with type A venom, which cause a different pattern of injury than other rattlesnakes, have been reported in southern California, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Texas, and New Mexico [L2856].Since it was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in October 2000, crotalidae poyvalent immune Fab (CroFab) has largely replaced previously used crotaline antivenom. CroFab is more specifically tailored for crotalids of North America and is less allergenic than whole immunoglobulin antivenoms [L2861].		
DB13892	Crotalus atrox antivenin	approved,experimental	Each year it is estimated there are 45,000 snakebites in the US and 300,000 to 400,000 bites worldwide. About 8000 of these snakebites involve venomous snake species. The majority of people bitten are males and about 50% occur in the age group of 18 to 28 [F113].Crotalus atrox antivenin is derived and purified immunoglobulin fragments obtained from other domestic animals such as sheep previously immunized with Crotalus atrox (Western Diamondback rattlesnake). Bites from this snake are the most common in the state of Texas, USA [A33157]. The final purified antivenin product is produced by mixing other different monospecific snake antivenins and isolating the antivenin of interest through fractionation and chromatography techniques. It is intravenously (IV) administered to prevent/limit systemic toxicity [FDA label].		
DB13893	Crotalus adamanteus antivenin	approved,experimental	Each year it is estimated there are 45,000 snakebites in the US and 300,000 to 400,000 bites worldwide. About 8000 of these snakebites involve venomous snake species. The majority of people bitten are males and about 50% occur in the age group of 18 to 28 [F116].The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the largest of the 32 species of rattlesnake currently recognized. They are large, heavy-bodied snakes with large, broad heads with two light lines on the face [L2877].Crotalus adamanteus antivenin is derived and purified immunoglobulin fragments obtained from other domestic animals such as sheep previously immunized with Crotalus adamanteus (Eastern Diamondback rattlesnake). The final purified antivenin product is obtained by mixing other different monospecific snake antivenins and isolating the antivenin of interest through fractionation and chromatography techniques. It is intravenously administered to limit systemic toxicity [FDA label].		
DB13894	Agkistrodon piscivorus antivenin	approved,experimental	Agkistrodon piscivorus antivenin is derived and purified immunoglobulin fragments obtained from other domestic animals such as sheep previously immunized with Agkistrodon piscivorus (_Cottonmouth_ or _Water Moccasin snake_). The final purified antivenin product is obtained by mixing other different monospecific snake antivenins and isolating the antivenin of interest through fractionation and chromatography techniques. It is intravenously (IV) administered to limit/prevent systemic toxicity [FDA label].Approximately 99% of all venomous snake bites in the United States are caused by Crotalidae, also known as _pit vipers_. In North America, members of the family Crotalidae belong to three genera: the rattlesnakes (Crotalus and Sistrurus spp.) and the copperheads and cottonmouth water moccasins (Agkistrodon spp.) [L2891].The cottonmouth, Agkistrodon piscivorus, is a large, venomous snake in the pit viper subfamily (Crotalinae).   As the only semi-aquatic viper species, cottonmouth snakes are strong swimmers and are frequently found in or near water [L2888].This species of snake is endemic to the United States. The cottonmouth habitat range extends from southeastern Virginia (near the junction of the Appomattox and James rivers) to southern Florida, west to central Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Missouri, and southeastern Kansas, and north in the middle Mississippi River drainage to southern Illinois [L2893].		
DB13895	Rhus Glabra Pollen	approved,experimental	Rhus Glabra Pollen pollen is the pollen of the Rhus Glabra Pollen plant. The pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB13896	Talimogene laherparepvec	approved,experimental,investigational	Talimogene laherparepvec is an oncolytic treatment used in local treatment of unresectable cutaneous, subcutaneous, and nodal lesions in patients with recurrent melanoma. It is a genetically administered herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1) that expresses human cytokine granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) with antitumor and immune-stimulating activities. It specifically replicates within tumor cells and causes lysis. It was approved by the FDA in 2015 under the market name Imlygic.In general, talimogene laherparepvec has been modified so that it can infect and multiply inside melanoma cells [L2221]. The drug subsequently uses the melanoma cells' own machinery to multiply, eventually overwhelming the melanoma cells and killing them [L2221]. Alternatively, although talimogene laherparepvec also enters healthy cells, it is not designed to multiply inside them [L2221].		
DB13897	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin E Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin E Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype E. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes E in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13898	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin C Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin C Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype C. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes C in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13899	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin G Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin G Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype G. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes G in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13900	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin A Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin A Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype A. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes A in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13901	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin F Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin F Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype F. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes F in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13902	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin D Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin D Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype D. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes D in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13903	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin B Immune FAB2	approved,experimental,investigational	Equine Botulinum Neurotoxin B Immune FAB2 is composed of a mixture of immune globulin fragments purified from plasma of horses that were previously immunized with botulinum toxin serotype B. It is intravenously administered for the treatment of symptomatic botulism following documented or suspected exposure to botulinum neurotoxin serotypes B in adults and pediatric patients.		
DB13904	Cat dander extract	approved	Cat dander extract is either subcutaneously or intracutaneously administered and contains dry cat dander or dry defatted cat pelt. It is used in the diagnosis and treatment (immunotherapy) of patients with a history of allergy to cats. An allergic reaction to cats is induced by the presence of antigen-specific IgE antibodies that are bound to specific receptors on mast cells and basophils. The allergy diagnostic process involves assessing allergy history, clinical evaluation, and skin test reactivity. Cat dander extract can be used in immunotherapy in individuals who cannot avoid exposure to cat allergens to initiate hyposensitization.		
DB13905	Scorpion (centruroides) immune Fab2 antivenin (equine)	approved	Centruroides (scorpion) Immune F(ab')2 (equine) is a purified preparation of immune globulin F(ab’)2 fragments that are derived from plasma of the horses immunized with venom of *C. noxius*, *C. l. limpidus*, *C. l. tecomanus*, and *C. s. suffusus*. It is intravenously administered patients with clinical signs of scorpion envenomation so that the Fab fragments bind to the toxins and limit systemic toxicity. It was approved by FDA in 2011 and is marketed under the name Anascorp [L2196].Anascorp is produced from equine IgG antibodies. Because initial development and use of this product in Mexico, venoms from several Centruroides species endemic to Mexico are pooled and diluted [L2207].This drug is a polyvalent antivenin proven to be useful against scorpion stings.It is the first specific treatment to neutralize toxin from Centruroides scorpion stings, particularly those of the _Centruroides sculpturatus_ in the United States [L2206].Envenomation by a scorpion sting can result in serious cardiovascular effects [A32483].Severe scorpion stings may cause loss of muscle control and respiratory failure, warranting heavy sedation and hospitalization in an intensive care unit. Most commonly, children experience severe reactions, however, adults can be affected, too [L2195], [L2196], [L2198].		
DB13906	Aloe Vera Leaf	approved,experimental	Aloe describes a genus including over 500 species of flowering succulent plants that grow in the Southern peninsula and various islands. Aloe vera, or _Aloe barbadensis miller_, is the most common species of Aloe that is cultivated for agricultural and medical purposes. It is a perennial succulent xerophyte with elongated leaves that contain a clear gel. While aloe vera has a long history of commercial uses, it is still widely used in cosmetic, food and pharmaceutical products. The use of aloe vera in constipation, inflammatory disorders, cancer, ulcer, and diabetes has also been investigated [A32476]. The active constituents of aloe vera include polysaccharides with protective effects on skin, as they exhibit antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties [A32481]. Common active polysaccharides include glucomannans, polymannose, and acemannan, or b-(1–4)-acetylated polymannose [A32475]. Acemannan and other modified polysaccharides are responsible in preventing suppression of contact hypersensitivity or immune suppression induced by external factors such as irradiation [A32473].		
DB13907	Fusarium graminearum	approved,experimental	Fusarium graminearum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB13908	Amylmetacresol	approved	Amylmetacresol is an antiseptic available in Canada over-the-counter in a number of lozenges for the treatment of sore throat and minor mouth infections [L2570], [L2571].  Amylmetacresol is often combined with dichlorobenzyl alcohol and menthol in the commonly used sore throat lozenges, known as Strepsils [L2575].The acute sore throat (pharyngitis) is one of the most common conditions for which children are seen in the primary care setting. Pharyngitis is normally caused by viruses and proves benign and self-limiting. Clinically proven, over-the-counter throat lozenges offer rapid and effective relief of acute sore throat symptoms, and are increasingly important in the management of this condition [A32787].		
DB13909	Bismuth subgallate	approved	Bismuth subgallate is a yellow colored substance that presents as an odorless powder that undergoes discoloration when exposed to sunlight. It is a heavy metal salt of gallic acid that is highly insoluble and poorly absorbed. Possessing protective effects on the gastric mucosa, strong astringent effects, and not as yet elucidated antimicrobial and hemostatic actions, bismuth subgallate is most commonly available as an over-the-counter internal deodorant where it is often employed as the primary active ingredient.		
DB13910	Valproate bismuth	approved	Valproate bismuth is available in Canada in the over-the-counter medication Neo-Laryngobis.		
DB13911	Phloxine B	approved	Phloxine B (commonly known simply as phloxine, also known as D&C RED NO. 28) is a color additive which is used both as an inactive ingredient to provide color to products, or as a colorant in dental disclosing tablets. These tablets allow patients to visualise areas where more brushing and flossing are needed.		
DB13912	Coumermycin A1	experimental			
DB13913	Belladonna	approved,experimental	Belladonna, also known as atropa belladonna or deadly nightshade, is a perennial herbaceous plant in the nightshade family _Solanaceae_. Its roots, leaves and fruits contain [DB00424], [DB00747], and mostly, [DB00572]. These alkaloids are naturally-occurring muscarinic antagonists. [DB00572] is a non-selective muscarinic antagonist that is mainly used as an adjunct for anaesthesia. The name "belladonna" originates from the Italian words "beautiful woman" and the historical use of herb eye-drops by women to dilate the pupils of the eyes for aesthetic purposes. Belladonna is a poisonous plant and belladonna intoxication from accidental ingestion may result in a severe anticholinergic syndrome, which is associated with both central and peripheral manifestations [A32494].		
DB13914	Volixibat	experimental,investigational	Volixibat, also known as SHP626 or LUM002, is an investigational drug that will potentially be used for the treatment of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH). If approved for use, it will be the first available agent for the treatment of NASH.Volixibat is a selective inhibitor of the apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT), a transmembrane protein primarily expressed by enterocytes of the ileum. Also known as the ileal bile acid transporter (IBAT), ASBT is primarily responsible for the enterohepatic recirculation of bile acids and ultimately for hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism [A32120]. Inhibiting this enzyme results in a decrease of bile acids returning to the liver, which is helpful for the treatment of NASH as abnormal cholesterol metabolism and accumulation of free cholesterol in the liver have been implicated in its pathogenesis[A32119]. According to Shire, the pharmaceutical manufacturer of Volixibat, it has been granted fast track status by the Food and Drug Administration due to promising initial results and a need for therapeutic treatments for NASH[L1662].		
DB13915	Axicabtagene ciloleucel	approved	Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy for the treatment of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is a type of a non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the second cell-based gene therapy that is FDA-approved but the first in the treatment of large B-cell lymphoma in adult patients. Uniquely, axicabtagene ciloleucel utilizes each patient’s own immune system where each dose of the drug consists of the patient's genetically modified T-cells that were previously collected. The modified version of the T-cell expresses a new gene that targets and kills the lymphoma cells and is infused back into the patient. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common type of NHL in adults that mostly originates from the lymph nodes but can initiate outside of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma cells appear to be much larger in size than normal lymphocytes. In a multicenter clinical trial, the patients who were treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel achieved the complete remission rate of 51%.  Developed by Kite Pharma, Inc., it was approved on October 18th, 2017 by the FDA as an intravenously infused anticancer therapy and is marketed under the brand name Yescarta.		
DB13916	Toyocamycin	experimental	4-Amino-5-cyano-7-(D-ribofuranosyl)-7H- pyrrolo(2,3-d)pyrimidine. Antibiotic antimetabolite isolated from Streptomyces toyocaensis cultures. It is an analog of adenosine, blocks RNA synthesis and ribosome function, and is used mainly as a tool in biochemistry.		
DB13917	Deoxyepinephrine	experimental	Sympathomimetic, vasoconstrictor agent.		
DB13918	Diclofop-methyl	experimental	Herbicide for control of wild oat & foxtails in cereal crops.		
DB13919	Candesartan	experimental	Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is available as a prodrug in the form of [candesartan cilexetil].		
DB13920	Valopicitabine	experimental	The 3-O-valine ester prodrug of the nucleoside analog 2'-C-methylcytidine with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon administration, valopicitabine is converted into 2'-C-methylcytidine; upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication. [from NCI]		
DB13921	2'-C-methylcytidine	experimental	A nucleoside analog with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication.		
DB13923	Emicizumab	approved,investigational	Emicizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody that mimics the function of the coagulation Factor VIII and it has the capacity to bind simultaneously to activated Factor IX and Factor X. The ability of Emicizumab to bind to all these three different factors allows it to overcome immunogenicity and unstable hemostatic efficacy produced by previous Factor VII agents. Emicizumab was originated as an improved form of hBS23 and it was approved on November 16, 2017.[A31279, L1016] It was created by Chugai Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. and co-developed with Roche and Genentech.[L1015]		
DB13924	Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)	approved,investigational	Recombinant zoster vaccine, manufactured as the product Shingrix by GlaxoSmithKline, is an adjuvanted non-live recombinant vaccine indicated for prevention of shingles. First approved in October 2017 by the Food and Drug Administration, Shingrix is the preferred vaccine for preventing varicella zoster infection in people aged 50 years and older, replacing Zostavax as first line therapy[L1038]. Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by a reactivation of Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV), the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox in childhood. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash. Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [L1037]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age [FDA Label]. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [A31349]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.The main immunological component of Shingrix vaccine is glycoprotein E (gE), a protein found on the surface of varicella zoster virus (VZV). Immune exposure to gE protein stimulates the development of anti-gE antibodies, and therefore adaptive immunity to VZV. Shingrix also contains an adjuvant system, AS01B, which is intended to enhance the immunological response to the vaccine leading to longer lasting and greater immunogenicity to the herpes zoster virus [L1036].		
DB13925	Dotatate gallium Ga-68	approved,investigational	Dotatate gallium (Ga-68) is a somatostatin-2 receptor analog which is radiolabeled with gallium 68 as a positron-emitting radioisotope. Ga-68 dotatate has a high affinity for somatostatin-2 receptor and it is rapidly excreted from the nontarget sites which gives it an ideal candidate for imaging neuroendocrine tumors. Dotatate gallium (Ga-68) explotes its ability to detect somatostatin receptor scintigraphy and this characteristic tends to change with tumor grade which gives Ga-68 dotate a high diagnostic value.[A31358] Dotatate gallium 68 was developed by Advanced Accelerator Applications USA, Inc. and FDA approved in June 1, 2016.		
DB13926	Cenegermin	approved,investigational	Cenegermin is a human beta-nerve growth factor (beta-ngf)-(1-118)- peptide (non-covalent dimer) produced in escherichia coli. It received European Union Approval in July, 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe neurotrophic keratitis. Cenegermin received approval from the US FDA a year later in August of 2018 [L4563].Neurotrophic keratitis is a degenerative disease resulting from a loss of corneal sensation [L4563]. The loss of corneal sensation impairs corneal health causing progressive damage to the top layer of the cornea, including corneal thinning, ulceration, and perforation in severe cases [L4563]. The prevalence of neurotrophic keratitis has been estimated to be less than five in 10,000 individuals [L4563].While the prevalence of neurotrophic keratitis is low, the impact of this serious condition and its associated sequelae on an individual patient can be debilitating. Many currently available therapeutic options for treating the condition involve surgical interventions - surgeries that are typically only palliative [L4563]. The approval of cenegermin consequently provides a novel topical treatment that has the potential capacity to offer total corneal healing for many patients who may use the agent [L4563].In particular, cenegermin was granted Priority Review designation, under which the FDA’s goal is to take action on an application within six months of application filing where the agency determines that the drug, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition [L4563]. Cenegermin also received Orphan Drug designation, which provides incentives to assist and encourage the development of drugs for rare diseases [L4563].		
DB13927	anle138b	experimental	anle138b restores hippocampal synaptic and transcriptional plasticity as well as spatial memory in a mouse model for Alzheimer's disease, when given orally before or after the onset of pathology. [A31409]		
DB13928	Semaglutide	approved,investigational	Semaglutide is a glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) analog used to manage type 2 diabetes along with lifestyle changes [A31421,L8681] Other members of this drug class include [Exenatide] and [Liraglutide].  Semaglutide was developed by Novo Nordisk and approved by the FDA for subcutaneous injection in December 2017.[L8681] The tablet formulation was approved for oral administration in September 2019.[L8678]The subcutaneous injection is administered once weekly and the tablet is administered once a day. Semaglutide offers a competitive advantage over other drugs used to manage diabetes, which may require several daily doses. Clinical trials have determined that this drug reduces glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels and reduces body weight, proving to be effective for patients with type 2 diabetes.[A186053]		
DB13929	Relcovaptan	investigational			
DB13930	Ulixertinib	investigational	Ulixertinib is a a novel, reversible, ATP-competitive ERK1/2 inhibitor with high potency and ERK1/2 selectivity [A31474]. It is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of a wide range of tumors.		
DB13931	Netarsudil	approved	A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.		
DB13932	Voretigene neparvovec	approved	Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[L1094] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[A31477] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of *rep* and *cap* and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[A31478] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[L1095]		
DB13933	Nonacog beta pegol	approved,investigational	Nonacog beta pegol is a recombinant coagulation factor IX derivative. It is produced without animal-derived materials and with an attached 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) molecule for peptide activation by a site-directed glycoPEGylation. Once activated, the activation molecule with PEG are cleaved to leave the activated factor IX (Factor IXa).[A31496] Nonacog beta pegol was developed by Novo Nordisk, obtained EMA marketing authorisation in June 6, 2017.[L1099]		
DB13934	Ligandrol	investigational	Ligandrol is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) for treatment of conditions such as muscle wasting and osteoporosis.		
DB13935	AC-262536	experimental	A selective androgen receptor modulator.		
DB13936	JNJ-28330835	experimental	A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.		
DB13937	LGD-3303	experimental	An androgen receptor modulator.		
DB13938	S-40503	experimental	S-40503 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed for the treatment of osteoporosis by the Japanese company Kaken Pharmaceuticals.		
DB13939	RAD-140	experimental,investigational	RAD140 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) for the treatment of conditions such as muscle wasting and breast cancer.		
DB13940	2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethylthioamphetamine	experimental	2,5-Dimethoxy-4-ethylthioamphetamine (ALEPH-2) is a phenylisopropylamine derivative with alleged anxiolytic and hallucinogenic properties.		
DB13941	Piperaquine	experimental,investigational	Piperaquine is an antimalarial agent first synthesized in the 1960's and used throughout China [A31550]. Its use declined in the 1980's as piperaquine resistant strains of *Plasmodium falciparum* appeared and artemisinin derivatives became available. It has come back into use in combination with the artemisinin derivative [DB11638] as part of the combination product Eurartesim [FDA Label]. Eurartesim was first authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in October 2011.		
DB13943	Testosterone cypionate	approved	Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[L1152] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.		
DB13944	Testosterone enanthate	approved	Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compound with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[L1158] This slow release is achieved by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[A31615] This testosterone derivative was first approved on December 24, 1953.[L8941]In 2017, about 6.5 million retail prescriptions for testosterone therapy were filled [L4659]. The majority of the prescriptions written were for injectable (66%) and topical (32%) testosterone products. As recent as 1 October 2018, the US FDA approved Antares Pharma Inc.'s Xyosted - a subcutaneous testosterone enanthate product for once-weekly, at-home self-administration with an easy-to-use, single dose, disposable autoinjector [L4659]. As the first subcutaneous autoinjector product designed for testosterone replacement therapy, this innovative formulation removes transfer concerns commonly associated with testosterone gels and potentially reduces the need for in-office/in-clinic injection procedures that may inconvenience patients with frequent visits to the clinic [L4659].		
DB13946	Testosterone undecanoate	approved,investigational	Testosterone undecanoate is the ester prodrug of testosterone and has a midchain fatty acid at the 17Beta position. [A176753]  It is available as an intramuscular injection and as an oral capsule, and is indicated for treatment of testosterone deficiency. [F4247][FDA Label]  It should be noted that testosterone undecanoate is only indicated for treatment of hypogonadal conditions with structural or genetic etiologies and should not be used to manage "age-related hypogonadism". [FDA Label]		
DB13947	Testosterone enantate benzilic acid hydrazone	approved,experimental			
DB13948	N-(2-hydroxybenzyl)-2,5-dimethoxy-4-cyanophenylethylamine	experimental	25CN-NBOH (N-(2-hydroxybenzyl)-2,5-dimethoxy-4-cyanophenylethylamine) is a newly developed selective 5-HT2A agonist. It has been tested with regard to the head-twitch-response (HTR) model of 5-HT2A activity and effects on locomotion [L1148]. It was discovered in 2014 at the University of Copenhagen.		
DB13949	Ferric cation	approved	Iron is a transition metal with a symbol Fe and atomic number 26. By mass, it is the most common element on Earth. Iron is an essential element involved in various metabolic processes, including oxygen transport, deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) synthesis, and energy production in electron transport [A32514]. Resulting from inadequate supply of iron to cells due to depletion of stores, iron deficiency is the most common nutritional deficiency worldwide, particularly affecting children, women of childbearing age, and pregnant women [L2257]. Iron deficiency may be characterized without the development of anemia, and may result in functional impairments affecting cognitive development and immunity mechanisms, as well as infant or maternal mortality if it occurs during pregnancy [A32514]. The main therapeutic preparation of iron is [DB13257], and iron-sucrose may also be given intravenously [T28].Iron exists in two oxidation states: the ferrous cation (Fe2+) and ferric cation (Fe3+). Non-haem iron in food is mainly in the ferric state, which is the insoluble form of iron, and must be reduced to the ferrous cation for absorption [T28]. Ferric citrate (tetraferric tricitrate decahydrate) is a phosphate binder indicated for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis.		
DB13950	WIN 55212-2	experimental	WIN 55,212-2 is a chemical described as an aminoalkylindole derivative, which produces effects similar to those of cannabinoids such as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) but has an entirely different chemical structure. It is a potent cannabinoid receptor agonist that has been found to be a potent analgesic in a rat model of neuropathic pain. It activates p42 and p44 MAP kinase via receptor-mediated signaling.		
DB13951	Stanolone acetate	experimental	Stanolone acetate is a synthetic androgen and anabolic steroid and a dihydrotestosterone ester that was never marketed.		
DB13952	Estradiol acetate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol acetate is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol acetate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.[DB00783] is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [T84].Estradiol acetate is commercially available as Femring, a vaginal ring used for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause.The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol acetate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.		
DB13953	Estradiol benzoate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol Benzoate is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol benzoate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.[DB00783] is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [T84].Estradiol benzoate is not currently available in Canada or the US.		
DB13954	Estradiol cypionate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol Cypionate is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol cypionate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues and organs such as the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.[DB00783] is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improve absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol Valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [T84].Estradiol cypionate is commercially available as Depo-Estradiol, an intramuscular depot injection used for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause and for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism [FDA Label].The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol cypionate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.		
DB13955	Estradiol dienanthate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol Dienanthate is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol benzoate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [T84].Estradiol dienanthate is not currently available in any commercially available products in Canada or the US.		
DB13956	Estradiol valerate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Estradiol Valerate (also known as E2V) is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol acetate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.[DB00783] is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [T84].Estradiol valerate is commercially available as an intramuscular injection as the product Delestrogen and is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause, for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure, and for the treatment of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only). Estradiol valerate is also available in combination with [DB09123] as the commercially available product Natazia used for the prevention of pregnancy and for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding.The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol valerate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.		
DB13957	J147	experimental	J147 is an experimental drug with reported effects against both Alzheimer's disease and ageing in mouse models of accelerated aging. [A31606,A31607,A31608] It is a curcumin derivative and a potent neurogenic and neuroprotective drug candidate initially developed for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions associated with aging that impacts many pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. [A31610]		
DB13958	Trestolone acetate	experimental	Trestolone acetate is a synthetic and injected anabolic–androgenic steroid (AAS) and a derivative of nandrolone (19-nortestosterone) which was never marketed. It is an androgen ester – specifically, the C17 acetate ester of [DB05830].		
DB13959	Medium-chain triglycerides	approved	Compared to long-chain fatty acids which are dietary fats that are composed of 2 to 22 carbon atoms in length, medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) are composed of only 6 to 12 carbon links [F126, F128]. This shorter chain length gives MCTs properties that are unique, and perhaps pharmacologically advantageous over long-chain fatty acids [F128, F126]. In essence, the shorter chain length chemical profile of MCTs allow them to passively and directly diffuse across the gastrointestinal tract into the portal system without undergoing the prolonged and necessary sequential molecular modifications that long-chain fatty acids must undertake [F128, F126]. These kinds of pharmacodynamics ultimately allow for much quicker absorption and utilization of MCTs compared to long-chain triglycerides - making them important and rapid sources of calories and essential fatty acids for various medical conditions associated with malnutrition and malabsorption [F126, F128].		
DB13960	Bronopol	approved	Bronopol, or 2-Bromo-2-nitro-1,3-propanediol, is an organic compound with wide-spectrum antimicrobial properties. First synthesized in 1897, bronopol was primarily used as a preservative for pharmaceuticals and was registered in the United States in 1984 for use in industrial bactericides, slimicides and preservatives [F13]. Bronopol is used as a microbicide or microbiostat in various commercial and industrial applications, including oil field systems, air washer systems, air conditioning or humidifying systems, cooling water systems, papermills, absorbent clays, metal working fluids, printing inks, paints, adhesives and consumer products [F13]. Compared to other aliphatic halogen-nitro compounds, bronopol is more stable to hydrolysis in aqueous media under normal conditions [A32792]. The inhibitory activity against various bacteria, including _Pseudomonas aeruginosa_, was demonstrated _in vitro_ [A32792]. The agent is largely available commercially as an antibacterial for a variety of industrial purposes while it is predominantly available for purchase as a pet animal litter antibacterial at the domestic consumer level [F2317]. Nevertheless, ongoing contemporary re-evaluations of bronopol use in large markets such as Canada now place various compositional and product restrictions on the use of the agent in cosmetic products [L873] and in other products where it may not primarily be used in the role of a non-medicinal preservative antimicrobial [L874].		
DB13961	Fish oil	approved,nutraceutical	Fish oil is a component of SMOFLIPID, which was FDA approved in July 2016. It is indicated in adults as a source of calories and essential fatty acids for parenteral nutrition when oral or enteral nutrition is not possible, insufficient, or contraindicated.More commonly, fish oil refers to the omega-3-fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [FDA Label]. In general, dietary or pharmaceutical intake of these acids is primarily the only way to increase their levels in the human body where they are overall an essential element to dietary health as they have demonstrated abilities in minimizing or preventing hypertriglyceridemia when taken as an adjunct to a healthy diet [FDA Label].Such fish oils are available in both non-prescription and prescription-only varieties at different concentrations. For many individuals, taking non-prescription fish oils as part of their multivitamin regimen is an effective way to supplement their diets with the healthy fatty acids. However, prescription-only fish oil products are sometimes prescribed for individuals who demonstrate severe (>= 500 mg/dL) hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label].Furthermore, a variety of studies regarding additional potential actions of fish oil omega-3-fatty acids EPA and DHA are ongoing. Such experimental actions include inflammation modulation, cardioprotective effects, the attenuation of oxidative stress, and more. Regardless, the specific mechanisms of action for these effects have yet to be formally elucidated.		
DB13962	Calcium saccharate	approved,experimental	Pharmaceutic Aid (Stabilizer)		
DB13963	1,2-dichlorobenzene	experimental	1,2-Dichlorobenzene, also named ortho-dichlorobenzene, is an organic compound. It is a non-polar colorless liquid that is miscible in most organic solvents. This derivative of benzene differs from the parent compound by the presence of two adjacent chlorine atoms. 1,2-dichlorobenzene is used as a precursor for agrochemicals, as a solvent for fullerenes, as an insecticide and as an agent to remove carbon-based contamination from metal.		
DB13964	Peanut oil	approved	Peanut oil is derived from _Arachis hypogaea_ which can be found in South America, Mexico, and Centro America. The kernels are consumed roasted but a large percentage is used for the production of vegetable oil. The peanut oil represents about 45-52% of the kernel content and it is mainly formed from monounsaturated fat from which the major component is [DB04224].[A33169]  Under the FDA, peanut oil is categorized as an approved inactive ingredient for its use in drug products.[L2242] Under Health Canada, it is approved as an active ingredient in over-the-counter combination products.[L1113]		
DB13965	Sarracenia Purpurea	approved,experimental	_Sarracenia purpurea_, commonly known as the purple pitcher plant, northern pitcher plant, turtle socks, or side-saddle flower, is a perennial carnivorous plant in the family _Sarraceniaceae_. _Sarracenia purpurea_ attract and trap insects within their pitchers, or fused leaves, to consume nitrogen during the digestion process [A32509]. It is widely distributed across North America and has been used as a traditional medicinal herb in many aboriginal communities [A32509, A32510]. It was used as an injectable pain reliever and during the 19th century, _Sarracenia purpurea_ was used as a treatment of smallpox [A32509]. Compounds extracted from _Sarracenia purpurea_ include phenolic glycosides, flavonoid glycosides, and iridoids. _In vitro_, there is evidence of glycosides potentiating glucose uptake with potential antidiabetic properties [A32510]. Cytoprotection in an in vitro model of diabetic neuropathy has also been studied. However, the use of Sarracenia Purpurea extracts in the clinical setting are limited.		
DB13966	Isopropyl myristate	approved,experimental	Isopropyl myristate is a moisturizer with polar characteristics used in cosmetics and topical medical preparations to ameliorate the skin absorption. Isopropyl myristate has been largely studied and impulsed as a skin penetration enhancer.[A178078]At the moment the primary usage for which isopropyl myristate is formally indicated is as the active ingredient in a non-prescription pediculicide rinse [A32333, L1964, L1966].		
DB13967	Patent Blue	approved	Patent blue is aniline dye and it is one of the most common dyes used.[A32573] It is a sodium or calcium salt of diethylammonium hydroxide inner salt.[A32574] It has the chemical designation of (4-(alpha-(p-(diethylamino)phenyl)-2,4-disulfobenzylidene)-2,5-cyclohexadiene-1-ylidene)diethylammonium hydroxide. Patent blue was developed by Guerbet and approved by Health Canada on December 31, 1979.[L1113] The isomer isosulphan is used in the United States for the same indications than patent blue.[A32574]		
DB13968	Plasma protein fraction (human)	approved	The plasma protein fraction human (PPFh) is defined as a sterile solution of proteins composed mainly of albumin and globulin derived from human plasma.[A32512] It is already reviewed under the category of biologics by the FDA where the processing, required tests, requirements and labeling are incorporated. This biologic should come from recovered plasma from whole blood or prepared source plasma. the final product should not include any type of additives. The composition of PPFh should be 5% of protein from which 83% should consist of albumin and no more of 17% should be globulin. It is also stated that no more than 1% of the total protein should be gamma globulin.[L2260] PPFh is a sterile, frozen solution of solvent/detergent treated human plasma.[L2262] The proteins in PPFh are stabilized with sodium caprylate and acetyltryptophan and it contains some electrolytes such as sodium, potassium and chloride.[L2261]		
DB13969	Quaternium-24	experimental			
DB13970	Dioctyldimonium	approved,experimental			
DB13971	Vanadium	approved,experimental			
DB13972	Racemethionine	approved,experimental	A preparation of methionine that includes a mixture of D-methionine and L-methionine isomers.		
DB13973	Remestemcel-L	approved,investigational	Remestemcel-L is a third-party, off-the-shelf suspension of ex-vivo cultured adult human mesenchymal stem cells intended for intravenous infusion. The mesenchymal stem cells are derived from the bone marrow of unrelated and human leukocyte antigen (HLA)–unmatched healthy adult donors and have the ability to differentiate into different tissue cells. It was approved for use in Canada in May 2012 as Prochymal for the management of refractory acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in children who are unresponsive to systemic steroid therapies, with the approval conditional upon further trials being conducted.aGvHD is a T-cell mediated disease that occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant and is a reaction of donor immune cells against host tissues [A31822] developed by 30-80% of the recipients [A31818]. aGvHD is often characterized by the presence of inflammatory cascades through signalling of activated T cells. While systemic corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents are commonly used as first-line treatments to manage aGvHD, about 30-50% of patients with aGvHD experience inadequately control of disease with first-line therapies, putting them in a risk for poor outcomes and creating a significant clinical challenge [A31818]. It is estimated that the patients with the most severe forms of refractory aGvHD that do not respond to steroid therapy have expected one-year survival rates of only 5% to 30% [L11022]. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) serve to down-regulate inflammatory responses and produce anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors to promote tissue repair [A31818]. In clinical studies, patients treated with remestemcel-L demonstrated an improvement in their aGvHD and improved survival rates at subsequent days following intravenous infusion [L11022]. Based on its tolerability and safety profile, remestemcel-L is a promising alternative to second-line immunosuppressive agents [A31818].		
DB13974	Passiflora incarnata flower	approved,experimental			
DB13975	Black cohosh	experimental	Black cohosh (_Actaea racemosa_ or _Cimicifuga racemosa_), a member of the buttercup family, is a perennial plant which native to North America. Historical names for this plant include snakeroot, black bugbane, rattleweed, macrotys, and rheumatism weed. Black cohosh has a long history of use. Native Americans used it for its purported benefits in treating musculoskeletal pain, fever, cough, pneumonia, sluggish labor, and menstrual irregularities. European settlers were said to use black cohosh as a tonic to support female reproductive health.[L2303]Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is the standard treatment for early symptoms in post-menopausal women, however, increases the risk of stroke, heart diseases, as well as breast cancer in older women. Various studies have shown that the number of post-menopausal women using hormone replacement therapy is currently low and that the effects of hormone replacement therapy in reducing menopausal symptoms are not as positive as expected. For these reasons, there has been a trend toward using alternative therapies to relieve menopausal symptoms.[L2301]Black cohosh has been associated with serious safety concerns.[A32542] Results from studies suggest that C. racemosa possesses a central activity instead of a hormonal effect.[A32543]The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology guidelines on the use of botanicals, such as black cohosh, for the management of menopausal symptoms the use of for up to six months, especially in treating the symptoms of sleep and mood disturbance, and hot flushes.[L2307]		
DB13976	Sulesomab	approved	Market product is Tc99m-labeled murine antibody fragment for nuclear imaging of activated granulocytes.		
DB13977	Potassium carbonate	approved	Potassium carbonate (K2CO3) is a white salt, soluble in water (insoluble in ethanol) which forms a strongly alkaline solution. It can be made as the product of potassium hydroxide's absorbent reaction with carbon dioxide. It presents a large capacity to absorb moisture.		
DB13978	Selisistat	experimental	Selective inhibitor of SIRT1 that does not inhibit histone deacetylase (HDAC) or other sirtuin deacetylase family members (IC50 values are 98, 19600, 48700, > 100000 and > 100000 nM for SIRT1, SIRT2, SIRT3, HDAC and NADase respectively). Enhances p53 acetylation in response to DNA damaging agents.		
DB13979	Besilesomab	approved	Besilesomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive isotope technetium-99m for determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. Utilised only as a diagnostic agent, besilesomab is currently approved by the EMEA for marketing and use in various European countries like Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom [L1564].		
DB13980	Copper Cu-64	approved	Copper-64 is a radiopharmaceutical usually found in the +2 oxidation state as the complexes including the +1 state tend to be more unstable.[T604] It is used in molecular radiotherapy and positron emission tomography.		
DB13981	Nomegestrol acetate	approved,investigational	Nomegestrol acetate, also known as NOMAC, is a progestin used in oral contraceptives, menopausal hormone therapy, and for the treatment of gynecological disorders.		
DB13982	Lutetium Lu-177	approved			
DB13983	5,7,2′-trihydroxy-6,8-dimethoxyflavone	experimental	5,7,2′-trihydroxy-6,8-dimethoxyflavone (K36) is a high-affinity, naturally occurring flavonoid derivative isolated from the medicinal herb _Scutellaria baicalensis_ Georgi [A31656].		
DB13984	Cyclopropane	experimental	Cyclopropane was initially investigated because it was thought to be the toxic element in ethylene. Instead, it turned out to be an excellent anesthetic with very rapid onset and recovery while maintaining stable hemodynamics. Its use was ultimately limited because it was highly explosive.		
DB13985	Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate	approved,investigational	A 177Lu-labeled somatostatin analog peptide, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate belongs to an emerging form of treatments called Peptide Receptor Radionuclide Therapy (PRRT), which involves targeting tumours with molecules carrying radioactive particles that bind to specific receptors expressed by the tumour. Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate may also be referred to as 177Lu-DOTA-Tyr3-octreotate. Compared to the alternative somatostatin analogue DOTA-Tyr3-octreotide (dotatoc), Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate displays higher uptake of radioactivity in tumors and better residence times [A31696]. In terms of biodistribution, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate demonstrated a lower whole-body retention, indicating potentially lower risk for bone marrow toxicity [A31696]. The presence of a radioligand allows monitoring of treatment response post therapy and prior to next fraction of the dose delivery which may be clinically beneficial in estimating the intensity of lesion uptakes or deciding the dose for subsequent administrations [A31702].Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate was approved by the FDA as Lutathera in January 2018 for intravenous injection. It is a first radiopharmaceutical agent to be approved for gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (GEP-NETs) and is indicated for adult patients with somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NETs [L1191]. Targeting pancreas and other parts of the gastrointestinal tract such as the intestines and colon, neuroendocrine tumors may commonly metastasize to metastasize to the mesentery, peritoneum, and liver [A31697]. Patients with GEP-NETs have limited second-line treatment options after the metastasis of tumors and inadequate therapeutic response from first-line therapies. In a clinical trial involving patients with advanced somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NET, the treatment of Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate in combination with octreotide resulted in longer progression-free survival compared to patients receiving octreotide alone and there was evidence of an overall survival benefit [A31697].		
DB13987	Strontium chloride	approved	Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession [A33167, A33168]. This kind of barrier protection for tooth hypersensitivity has, however, been superseded by other toothpaste formulations and ingredients designed to be nerve calming agents instead [A33167, A33168]. Such strontium chloride toothpaste formulations may subsequently not be available for sale anymore in certain parts of the world [A33167, A33168].		
DB13988	SB-269970	investigational	SB-269970 is an experimental drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline. In the studies performed with this agent, it has been suggested that SB-269970 acts either as a selective antagonist or inverse agonist of the serotonin receptor 7 (5-HT7).[A31816,A31817]		
DB13989	Epitizide	experimental	Epitizide is an agent, commonly found in combination [triamterene], used to produce diuresis.		
DB13990	Dipropyl-4-hydroxytryptamine	experimental	Dipropyl-4-hydroxytryptamine is the 4-hydroxyl analog of dipropyltryptamine (DPT). Dipropyl-4-hydroxytryptamine was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin. This agent and its properties haven't been fully elucidated.		
DB13991	Pipequaline	experimental	Pipequaline is an anticonflict & anticonvulsant quinoline derivative. It is an anxiolytic drug that was never marketed. It presents a unique chemical structure that does not follow the structural properties of other drugs of its class. Pipequaline has a similar pharmacological profile to the reported for the benzodiazepines. However, it presents a significant set of anxiolytic properties with a very little sedative, amnestic or anticonvulsant effect. Due to these differences, this drug is classified as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic.		
DB13992	Azintamide	investigational			
DB13993	MRK-409	experimental	MRK-409 is a GABA-A receptor agonist [A31972].		
DB13994	AZD-7325	investigational	AZD7325 is a high affinity, selective modulator of the GABAA receptor system. [L2936]		
DB13995	Ferric pyrophosphate citrate	approved,investigational	Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate.[A31979] FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug.[L1420] This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst.[L1419] It is also FDA approved since 2015.[FDA label]		
DB13996	Magnesium acetate	approved			
DB13997	Baloxavir marboxil	approved,investigational	Baloxavir marboxil is an antiviral drug developed by Shionogi Co., a Japanese pharmaceutical company and Roche for the treatment of influenza A and influenza B infections. The drug was initially approved for use in Japan in February 2018 and approved by the FDA on October 24, 2018 [L4779], [A39895] for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 12 years of age and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 48 hours [FDA label]. Baloxavir marboxil, a cap-endonuclease inhibitor,  has a unique mechanism of action when compared to the currently existing neuraminidase inhibitor drug class used to treat influenza infections [A39894].		
DB13998	Lonoctocog alfa	approved,investigational			
DB13999	Moroctocog alfa	approved	Moroctocog alfa, also known as BDDrFVIII (B domain deleted recombinant factor VIII), is a recombinant DNA-based drug with functional characteristics comparable to those of endogenous coagulation Factor VIII, the essential human blood clotting protein that is impaired in Hemophilia A. Moroctocog alfa is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function. Moroctocog alfa is produced through recombinant DNA technology and purification, resulting in a 1438 amino acid, 170 kDa protein [FDA Label]. Clinical evaluation has shown that BDDrFVIII is pharmacokinetically equivalent to full-length recombinant FVIII [A32468, FDA Label].Also known as Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [A32280].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s [A31551, A32272, L2177]. Use of recombinant DNA-derived clotting factor treatments, such as Moroctocog alfa, has reduced this risk.Other drug products with similar structure and function to Moroctocog alfa include [DB13192], which is purified Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits, and [DB11607], which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [A31551].Moroctocog alfa is approved by Health Canada and by the European Medicines Agency for the control and prevention of hemorrhagic episodes and for routine and surgical prophylaxis in patients with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency or classic hemophilia). As it does not contain von Willebrand factor it is not indicated in von Willebrand’s disease [FDA Label].		
DB14000	Tetraglyme	experimental			
DB14001	alpha-Tocopherol succinate	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Alpha-tocopherol is the primary form of vitamin E that is preferentially used by the human body to meet appropriate dietary requirements. In particular, the RRR-alpha-tocopherol (or sometimes called the d-alpha-tocopherol stereoisomer) stereoisomer is considered the natural formation of alpha-tocopherol and generally exhibits the greatest bioavailability out of all of the alpha-tocopherol stereoisomers. Moreover, manufacturers typically convert the phenol component of the vitamin to esters using acetic or succinic acid, making a compound such as alpha-tocopherol succinate more stable and easier to use in vitamin supplements [A32956, A32957].Alpha-tocopherol succinate is subsequently most commonly indicated for dietary supplementation in individuals who may demonstrate a genuine deficiency in vitamin E. Vitamin E itself is naturally found in various foods, added to others, or used in commercially available products as a dietary supplement. The recommended dietary allowances (RDAs) for vitamin E alpha-tocopherol are: males = 4 mg (6 IU) females = 4 mg (6 IU) in ages 0-6 months, males = 5 mg (7.5 IU) females = 5 mg (7.5 IU) in ages 7-12 months, males = 6 mg (9 IU) females = 6 mg (9 IU) in ages 1-3 years, males = 7 mg (10.4 IU) females = 7 mg (10.4 IU) in ages 4-8 years, males = 11 mg (16.4 IU) females = 11 mg (16.4 IU) in ages 9-13 years, males = 15 mg (22.4 IU) females = 15 mg (22.4 IU) pregnancy = 15 mg (22.4 IU) lactation = 19 mg (28.4 IU) in ages 14+ years [L2120]. Most individuals obtain adequate vitamin E intake from their diets; genuine vitamin E deficiency is considered to be rare.Nevertheless, vitamin E is known to be a fat-soluble antioxidant that has the capability to neutralize endogenous free radicals. This biologic action of vitamin E consequently continues to generate ongoing interest and study in whether or not its antioxidant abilities may be used to help assist in preventing or treating a number of different conditions like cardiovascular disease, ocular conditions, diabetes, cancer and more. At the moment, however, there exists a lack of formal data and evidence to support any such additional indications for vitamin E use.Moreover, although it is generally believed that alpha-tocopherol succinate would naturally demonstrate such general vitamin E-tocopherol pharmacodynamics after undergoing a logical de-esterification in the gut [A32956, A32957], there is ongoing research that proposes that the alpha-tocopherol succinate compound itself is capable of eliciting anti-cancer [L2699, A32959] and inflammation mediation [A32958] activities that are unique from the alpha-tocopherol form and other alpha-tocopherol esters [L2699, A32958, A32959].		
DB14002	D-alpha-Tocopherol acetate	approved,nutraceutical,vet_approved	Alpha-tocopherol is the primary form of vitamin E that is preferentially used by the human body to meet appropriate dietary requirements. In particular, the RRR-alpha-tocopherol (or sometimes called the d-alpha-tocopherol stereoisomer) stereoisomer is considered the natural formation of alpha-tocopherol and generally exhibits the greatest bioavailability out of all of the alpha-tocopherol stereoisomers. Moreover, RRR-alpha-tocopherol acetate is a relatively stabilized form of vitamin E that is most commonly used as a food additive when needed [A32451].Alpha-tocopherol acetate is subsequently most commonly indicated for dietary supplementation in individuals who may demonstrate a genuine deficiency in vitamin E. Vitamin E itself is naturally found in various foods, added to others, or used in commercially available products as a dietary supplement. The recommended dietary allowances (RDAs) for vitamin E alpha-tocopherol are: males = 4 mg (6 IU) females = 4 mg (6 IU) in ages 0-6 months, males = 5 mg (7.5 IU) females = 5 mg (7.5 IU) in ages 7-12 months, males = 6 mg (9 IU) females = 6 mg (9 IU) in ages 1-3 years, males = 7 mg (10.4 IU) females = 7 mg (10.4 IU) in ages 4-8 years, males = 11 mg (16.4 IU) females = 11 mg (16.4 IU) in ages 9-13 years, males = 15 mg (22.4 IU) females = 15 mg (22.4 IU) pregnancy = 15 mg (22.4 IU) lactation = 19 mg (28.4 IU) in ages 14+ years [L2120]. Most individuals obtain adequate vitamin E intake from their diets; genuine vitamin E deficiency is considered to be rare.Nevertheless, vitamin E is known to be a fat-soluble antioxidant that has the capability to neutralize endogenous free radicals. This biologic action of vitamin E consequently continues to generate ongoing interest and study in whether or not its antioxidant abilities may be used to help assist in preventing or treating a number of different conditions like cardiovascular disease, ocular conditions, diabetes, cancer and more. At the moment however, there exists a lack of formal data and evidence to support any such additional indications for vitamin E use.		
DB14003	alpha-Tocopherol acetate	approved	Alpha-tocopherol is the primary form of vitamin E that is preferentially used by the human body to meet appropriate dietary requirements. In particular, the RRR-alpha-tocopherol (or sometimes called the d-alpha-tocopherol stereoisomer) stereoisomer is considered the natural formation of alpha-tocopherol and generally exhibits the greatest bioavailability out of all of the alpha-tocopherol stereoisomers. Moreover, RRR-alpha-tocopherol acetate is a relatively stabilized form of vitamin E that is most commonly used as a food additive when needed [A32451].Alpha-tocopherol acetate is subsequently most commonly indicated for dietary supplementation in individuals who may demonstrate a genuine deficiency in vitamin E. Vitamin E itself is naturally found in various foods, added to others, or used in commercially available products as a dietary supplement. The recommended dietary allowances (RDAs) for vitamin E alpha-tocopherol are: males = 4 mg (6 IU) females = 4 mg (6 IU) in ages 0-6 months, males = 5 mg (7.5 IU) females = 5 mg (7.5 IU) in ages 7-12 months, males = 6 mg (9 IU) females = 6 mg (9 IU) in ages 1-3 years, males = 7 mg (10.4 IU) females = 7 mg (10.4 IU) in ages 4-8 years, males = 11 mg (16.4 IU) females = 11 mg (16.4 IU) in ages 9-13 years, males = 15 mg (22.4 IU) females = 15 mg (22.4 IU) pregnancy = 15 mg (22.4 IU) lactation = 19 mg (28.4 IU) in ages 14+ years [L2120]. Most individuals obtain adequate vitamin E intake from their diets; genuine vitamin E deficiency is considered to be rare.Nevertheless, vitamin E is known to be a fat-soluble antioxidant that has the capability to neutralize endogenous free radicals. This biologic action of vitamin E consequently continues to generate ongoing interest and study in whether or not its antioxidant abilities may be used to help assist in preventing or treating a number of different conditions like cardiovascular disease, ocular conditions, diabetes, cancer and more. At the moment however, there exists a lack of formal data and evidence to support any such additional indications for vitamin E use.		
DB14004	Tildrakizumab	approved,investigational	Tildrakizumab is a high-affinity, humanized, IgG1 κ antibody targeting interleukin 23 p19 that shows promise in the evolution of treatment strategy in chronic plaque psoriasis [A32255].The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved ILUMYA (tildrakizumab-asmn) for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy in March 2018. The approved recommended dosage of ILUMYA is a subcutaneous injection of 100 mg at Weeks 0, 4, and every 12 weeks thereafter [L1858].A study was performed on the pharmacokinetics of this drug on various ethnicities. The pharmacokinetics of tildrakizumab were similar in Japanese, Caucasian, and Chinese subjects [A32257].		
DB14005	Dimethicone 410	approved	Dimethicone is a silicone-based polymer used as a moisturizer in different skin OTC products.[A32462] It is formed by repeated polymeric units of -(CH3)2SiO- with a terminal trimethyl siloxy unit.[L1769] It is currently recognized by the FDA as a skin protectant OTC ingredient for human use in a concentration of 1-30%.[L2162] The name dimethicone has a lot of nomenclature inconsistencies as it is used to refer to common names, generic names, trade names or even for the listing of mixtures. It is reported that the term dimethicone includes the notation of polydimethylsiloxane and trimethylsiloxy-terminated fluids between 20-30,000 cSt (viscosity).[L2163]		
DB14006	Choline salicylate	approved,nutraceutical	Choline salicylate is an anti-inflammatory pain reliever agent that is related to aspirin. It is used to decrease swelling and to treat mild-moderate pain. It is used to treat arthritis in both children and adults. This medicine can also be used for fever [L2129].Choline Salicylate is the choline salt of salicylic acid, used as an analgesic, antipyretic and antirheumatic. It relieves mild to moderate pain and reduce fever and inflammation or swelling. Choline salicylate is effective in the treatment of gout, rheumatic fever, rheumatoid arthritis and muscle injuries [L2136].This drug is also a main ingredient in teething gels to relieve pains associated with tooth growth in the infant population [L2134].  The UK government has regulated its use, due to toxicity in those under 16 years of age.  Topical oral salicylate gels are no longer indicated for people younger than 16 years for pain associated with infant teething, orthodontic devices, cold sores, or mouth ulcers [L2134].		
DB14007	Pentetic acid	approved	Pentetic acid, also known as diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (DTPA), is a synthetic polyamino carboxylic acid with eight coordinate bond forming sites that can sequester metal ions and form highly stable DTPA-metal ion complexes. DTPA, along with its calcium and zinc trisodium salts, are the only FDA approved agents for the treatment of internal contamination by transuranics.[A32501] It is currently considered, in all the dosage forms, as a member of the list of approved inactive ingredients for drug products by the FDA.[L2242] DPTA was developed by the pharmaceutical company CIS US and FDA approved on April 14, 2004.[L1469]		
DB14008	Hispidulin	experimental	Hispidulin (4',5,7-trihydroxy-6-methoxyflavone) is a potent benzodiazepine (BZD) receptor ligand with positive allosteric properties [A32513].		
DB14009	Medical Cannabis	experimental,investigational	The use of the plant species _Cannabis sativa_ and _Cannabis indica_, popularly known as marijuana, has gained popularity in recent years for the management of a wide variety of medical conditions as a wave of legalization in North America has changed public and medical opinion on its use. Consequently, an expanding body of evidence has begun to emerge that has demonstrated its potential usefulness in the management of conditions such as chronic pain, spasticity, inflammation, epilepsy, and chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting among many others[A32585]. This area of research is controversial and has been heavily debated, however, due to concerns over risks of addiction, long-term health effects, and Cannabis' association with schizophrenia.From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered cannabinoids, a class of compounds that act upon cannabinoid receptors of the body [A32584]. Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and [DB09061] (CBD) are two types of cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which interact with the cannabinoid receptors that are found throughout the body. Although THC and CBD have been the most studied cannabinoids, there are many others identified to date including cannabinol (CBN), cannabigerol (CBG), [DB14050] (CBDV), and [DB11755] (THCV) that have been shown to modify the physiological effects of cannabis [A32830]. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. THC and CBD are converted from their precursors, tetrahydrocannabinolic acid-A (THCA-A) and cannabidiolic acid (CBDA), through decarboxylation when unfertilized female cannabis flowers are activated either through heating, smoking, vaporization, or baking. While cannabis in its natural plant form is currently used "off-label" for the management of many medical conditions, THC is currently commercially available in synthetic form as [DB00486], as purified isomer as [DB00470], or in a 1:1 formulation with CBD from purified plant extract as [DB14011].Cannabinoid receptors are utilized endogenously by the body through the endocannabinoid system, which includes a group of lipid proteins, enzymes, and receptors that are involved in many physiological processes. Through its modulation of neurotransmitter release, the endocannabinoid system regulates cognition, pain sensation, appetite, memory, sleep, immune function, and mood among many others. These effects are largely mediated through two members of the G-protein coupled receptor family, cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 (CB1 and CB2)[A32585]. CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous systems, with the majority of receptors localized to the hippocampus and amygdala of the brain. Physiological effects of using cannabis make sense in the context of its receptor activity as the hippocampus and amygdala are primarily involved with regulation of memory, fear, and emotion. In contrast, CB2 receptors are mainly found peripherally in immune cells, lymphoid tissue, and peripheral nerve terminals [A32676].The primary psychoactive component of Cannabis, delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity at Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors. This activity results in the well-known effects of smoking cannabis such as increased appetite, reduced pain, and changes in emotional and cognitive processes. In contrast to THC's weak agonist activity, CBD has been shown to act as a negative allosteric modulator of the cannabinoid CB1 receptor, the most abundant G-Protein Coupled Receptor (GPCR) in the body [A32469]. Allosteric regulation is achieved through the modulation of receptor activity on a functionally distinct site from the agonist or antagonist binding site, which is therapeutically important as direct agonists are limited by their psychomimetic effects while direct antagonists are limited by their depressant effects [A32469]. There is further evidence that CBD also activates 5-HT1A serotonergic and TRPV1–2 vanilloid receptors, antagonizes alpha-1 adrenergic and µ-opioid receptors, inhibits synaptosomal uptake of noradrenaline, dopamine, serotonin and gaminobutyric acid and cellular uptake of anandamide, acts on mitochondria Ca2 stores, blocks low-voltage-activated (T-type) Ca2 channels, stimulates activity of the inhibitory glycine-receptor, and inhibits activity of fatty amide hydrolase (FAAH) [A31555, A31574].Due to the differences in receptor profile between CBD and THC, these cannabinoids are understandably used to treat different conditions. Furthermore, when combined with THC, CBD has been shown to modulate THC's activity, resulting in differences in pharmacological effect between "strains", or chemovars, of the Cannabis plant which are bred to contain different concentrations of CBD and THC. For example, strains containing a high proportion of CBD have been shown to reduce the psychosis- and anxiety-inducing effects of THC [A32833]. Reliably studying the effects of Cannabis is complicated by the large variety of available strains and by the numerous other compounds that Cannabis contains such as terpenes, flavonoids, phenols, amino acids, and fatty acids among many others that have shown potential to modulate the plant's pharmacological effect [A32832,A32824].		
DB14010	5-methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine	experimental,illicit	5-methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine (5-MeO-DMT) is a tryptamine with psychedelic properties. It is found in a wide variety of plant species, and a single psychoactive toad species, the Colorado River toad. This drug, as well as [dimethyltryptamine] and [bufotenin], have been registered to be used in South America in religious and spiritual rituals.		
DB14011	Nabiximols	investigational	Nabiximols (tradename Sativex®) is a whole plant extract from the Cannabis species _Cannabis sativa L._ that has been purified into the active components CBD (cannabidiol) and THC (delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol). For trademark purposes, purified CBD is branded as Nabidiolex®, while THC is purified as the product Tetrabinex®. Sativex® is available in a 1:1 formulation of THC:CBD as an oro-mucosal pump spray used for treatment of neuropathic pain from Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and for intractable cancer pain. Although still largely debated, Cannabis has been shown to have analgesic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, anxiolytic, neuroprotective, anti-oxidant, and anti-psychotic activity [A32477, A32469]. From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered cannabinoids, a class of compounds that act upon cannabinoid receptors of the body [A32584]. Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are two types of cannabinoids found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which interact with the cannabinoid receptors found in the human body. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. While cannabis in its natural plant form is currently used "off-label" for the management of many medical conditions, THC is currently commercially available in synthetic form as [DB00486], as purified isomer as [DB00470], or in a 1:1 formulation with CBD from purified plant extract as [DB14011].The primary psychoactive component of Cannabis, delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity at Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors. This activity results in the well-known effects of smoking cannabis such as increased appetite, reduced pain, and changes in emotional and cognitive processes. In contrast to THC's weak agonist activity, CBD has been shown to act as a negative allosteric modulator of the cannabinoid CB1 receptor, the most abundant G-Protein Coupled Receptor (GPCR) in the body [A32469]. Allosteric regulation is achieved through the modulation of receptor activity on a functionally distinct site from the agonist or antagonist binding site. The negative allosteric modulatory effects of CBD are therapeutically important as direct agonists are limited by their psychomimetic effects while direct antagonists are limited by their depressant effects [A32469]. In Canada, Sativex® has received a Notice of Compliance (NOC) for use as an as adjunctive treatment for symptomatic relief of spasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) who have not responded adequately to other therapy and who demonstrate meaningful improvement during an initial trial of therapy. Sativex® has also received a Notice of Compliance with Conditions (NOC/c) for use as an adjunctive treatment for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain in adult patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) and as adjunctive analgesic treatment in adult patients with advanced cancer who experience moderate to severe pain during the highest tolerated dose of strong opioid therapy for persistent background pain.		
DB14012	Burosumab	approved,investigational	Burosumab (KRN23) is an entirely human monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds excess fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) and has been successfully tested in clinical trials in children with X-linked hypophosphatemic rickets [A32593].  The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Crysvita (burosumab) in April 2018. This is the first drug approved to treat adults and children ages 1 year and older with X-linked hypophosphatemia (XLH), which is a rare, inherited form of rickets. X-linked hypophosphatemia causes low circulating levels of phosphorus in the blood. It causes impaired bone growth and development in children and adolescents and issues with bone mineralization throughout a patient’s life  [L2346].XLH is a serious disease which affects about 3,000 children and 12,000 adults in the United States. Most children with XLH suffer from bowed or bent legs, short stature, bone pain and severe dental pain. Some adults with this condition suffer from persistent, unrelenting discomfort and complications, such as joint pain, impaired mobility, tooth abscesses and hearing loss [L2346].		
DB14013	SR-9009	experimental	SR-9009 is a REV-ERB agonist. SR-9011 has been demonstrated that it is specifically lethal to cancer cells and oncogene-induced senescent cells, including melanocytic naevi, and has no effect on the viability of normal cells or tissues [A32628].		
DB14014	SR-9011	experimental	SR-9011 is a REV-ERB agonist. SR-9011 has been demonstrated that it is specifically lethal to cancer cells and oncogene-induced senescent cells, including melanocytic naevi, and has no effect on the viability of normal cells or tissues [A32628].		
DB14015	Sodium bisulfite	approved	Sodium bisulfite has been used externally for parasitic skin diseases and as gastrointestinal antiseptic.		
DB14016	Ox bile extract	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB14017	H3B-8800	investigational	H3B-8800 is a novel spliceosome inhibitor developed by H3 Biomedicine [L2551]. It offers the benefit of preferentially killing spliceosome-mutant cancer cells whereas other splicesome inhibitors, such as the pladienolide analogue E7107, show no such preferential targeting [A32749]. H3B-8800 was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in August 2017 and is in clinical trials for the treatment of acute myelogenous leukemia and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia [L2551].		
DB14018	Bromotheophylline	approved	Bromotheophylline is the active moiety of pamabrom, a mixture of 2-amino-2-methyl-propanol and bromotheophylline. From this mixture, bromotheophylline acts as a weak diuretic that has been used along with some analgesics to relieve the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome.[A33018]  Bromotheophylline is categorized on the FDA as a drug substance with an inactive state since March, 1980.[L1082] It is also approved by Health Canada to be used alone or in combination with [DB00316] in OTC products.[L1113]		
DB14019	Fosnetupitant	approved	In April 2018, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Swiss company Helsinn approved the intravenous formulation of AKYNZEO® (NEPA, a fixed antiemetic combination of fosnetupitant, 235mg, and palonosetron, 0.25mg) as an alternative treatment option for patients experiencing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting [L2631]. Fosnetupitant is the pro-drug form of netupitant [FDA label].Generally, 25% to 30% of patients with a diagnosis of cancer receive chemotherapy as a treatment modality and 70% to 80% of these patients undergoing chemotherapy treatment may experience nausea and vomiting as major side effects. Considered one of the most distressing side effects of chemotherapy, nausea and vomiting has an immense impact on the quality of life of patients receiving certain antineoplastic therapies  [A32865].		
DB14020	Benzoin	approved,experimental	Benzoin is a white crystalline compound prepared by condensation of benzaldehyde in potassium cyanide, and is used in organic syntheses. This should not be confused with benzoin gum from STYRAX (see [DB11222]). Benzoin is an FDA-approved colour additive used for marking fruits and vegetables.		
DB14022	Typhoid vaccine	approved			
DB14025	Clinafloxacin	investigational	Clinafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibacterial currently under research. It has been proven to present good antibiotic properties. However, its approval and release have been halted due to the presence of serious side effects.		
DB14026	Thiosalicylic acid	experimental			
DB14027	Taspoglutide	investigational	Taspoglutide is a pharmaceutical drug, a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1 agonist), under investigation for treatment of type 2 diabetes being codeveloped by Ipsen and Roche. In September 2010 Roche halted Phase III clinical trials due to incidences of serious hypersensitivity reactions and gastrointestinal side effects. As of May 2013 no new trials had been registered.		
DB14028	Nordazepam	experimental	An intermediate in the metabolism of DIAZEPAM to OXAZEPAM. It may have actions similar to those of diazepam.		
DB14029	Furafylline	experimental	Furafylline is a derivative of methylxanthine derivative. It was developed on the context of asthma as a long-acting alternative for [theophylline].		
DB14030	PZM21	experimental	PZM21 is a novel μ-opioid receptor (MOPr) ligand that has been reported to induce minimal arrestin recruitment and be devoid of the respiratory depressant effects characteristic of classical μ-opioid ligands such as morphine. [A33051]		
DB14031	Tretamine	experimental	Toxic alkylating agent used in industry; also as antineoplastic and research tool to produce chromosome aberrations and cancers.		
DB14033	Acetyl sulfisoxazole	approved,vet_approved	Sulfisoxazole acetyl is an ester of _sulfisoxazole_, a broad-spectrum sulfanilamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antibacterial activity. Sulfisoxazole acetyl competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme, _dihydropteroate synthase_, preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, which is the precursor of folic acid. This process causes an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death [L2788].It is often combined with erythromycin to treat acute otitis media caused by the bacteria, haemophilus influenzae [L2790].		
DB14034	Darglitazone	experimental			
DB14035	Englitazone	experimental	Englitazone is a hypoglycemic agent.		
DB14037	Madecassic acid	experimental			
DB14038	beta-Sitosterol	experimental	Active fraction of Solanum trilobatum; reduces side-effects of radiation-induced toxicity.		
DB14039	Erenumab	approved,investigational	Erenumab (AMG-334) (INN; trade name Aimovig) is a human monoclonal antibody designed specifically to bind and antagonize the calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor (CGRPR) as a means to prevent migraines. Aimovig, as released and marketed by Novartis and Amgen, is in fact a novel therapeutic approach as the first and only FDA approved treatment specifically developed to prevent migraine by blocking the CGRP receptor, which is believed to play a critical role in migraine [L2823].In particular, erenumab-aooe is a human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody that has high affinity binding to the CGRP receptor [FDA Label]. The antibody is produced utlilizing recombinant DNA technology in Chinese hamster ovary cells [FDA Label]. It is composed of 2 heavy chains, each containing 456 amino acids, and 2 light chains of the lambda subclass, each containing 216 amino acids, with an approximate molecular weight of 150 kDa [FDA Label].		
DB14040	Eptinezumab	approved,investigational	Eptinezumab is a fully-humanized IgG1 antibody manufactured using yeast (_Pichia pastoris_) and developed by Lundbeck Seattle Biopharmaceuticals.[L12318] Eptinezumab has been specifically designed to bind to both alpha and beta forms of the human calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP).[F94,A33105,A33106,A33108] It was approved by the FDA in February 2020 for the preventive treatment of migraine headaches in adults.[L12318]		
DB14041	Fremanezumab	approved,investigational	Fremanezumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody targeted against human calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) for the prevention of migraine headaches.[L11749] It was developed by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA and approved by the FDA in September 2018.[L11779] Along with other recently approved anti-CGRP therapies such as [galcanezumab], [erenumab], and the oral CGRP antagonist [ubrogepant], fremanezumab represents an important step forward in the treatment and prevention of migraine headaches.		
DB14042	Galcanezumab	approved,investigational	LY2951742/galcanezumab is a fully humanized monoclonal antibody against human calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) that is developed by ELi Lilly and Company.[A33105] This therapy is given as a single subcutaneous injection twice a month and ongoing clinical trials for the agent are for episodic and chronic migraine as well as cluster headaches.[A33114]Although various small-molecule CGRP receptor antagonists have also been developed, humanized monoclonal antibodies like galcanezumab are specifically designed to potently and selectively bind to the CGRP entities directly.[A33112] Given this target specificity, lack of off-target toxicity, and characteristic proteolysis profile of immunoglobulin antibodies to not undergo metabolism by liver enzymes, galcanezumab possesses favourable and promising safety and tolerability.[A33112]Galcanezumab was given FDA approval on 27 September 2018.[L4894]		
DB14043	Palmidrol	experimental,nutraceutical	A cannabinoid receptor-inactive eCB-related molecule used as prophylactic in helping to prevent respiratory viral infection. Palmidrol is available for human use as a supplement (400 mg capsules) and as food for medical purposes In Italy and Spain (300 mg and 600 mg tablets).		
DB14044	Hopantenic acid	experimental	Hopantenic acid (Pantogam) is a central nervous system depressant. Hopantenic acid has a unique spectrum of pharmacological effects (nootropic, anticonvulsant, mild activating) in the absence of addiction, hyperstimulation or withdrawal syndrome. [A33115]		
DB14045	Cholesteryl chloride	experimental	Cholesteryl chloride, also known as 3-chlorocholest-5-ene, is an organochloride derivative of cholesterol. It is presented as a liquid crystal that forms clockwise liquid crystals.		
DB14046	Dichlorobenzene	approved,experimental	Dichlorobenzene refers to any of, or a mixture of, three isomers consisting of benzene in which two of the hydrogen atoms are replaced by chlorine atoms: ortho-, meta-, and paradichlorobenzene. It is a constituent of the ear-wax removal product Cerumol.		
DB14048	Sodium zirconium cyclosilicate	approved,investigational	Sodium zirconium cyclosilicate is approved as the trade product Lokelma developed by AstraZeneca - an insoluble, non-absorbed sodium zirconium silicate, formulated as a powder for oral suspension that acts as a highly selective potassium removing agent.[L2933] It is administered orally and is odorless, tasteless, and stable at room temperature.[L2933] Approval of the medication is supported by data from three double-blind, placebo-controlled trials and two open-label trials which showed that the onset of action was approximately 1.0 hour and the median time to achieving normal potassium levels in the blood was 2.2 hours, with 92% of patients achieving normal potassium levels within 48 hours following administration.[L2933] The treatment effect was maintained for up to 12 months.[L2933]		
DB14049	Nitrate	experimental,investigational			
DB14050	Cannabidivarin	investigational	Cannabidivarin, also known as cannabidivarol or CBDV, is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid found within [DB14009]. It is one of over 100 cannabinoids identified from the Cannabis plant that can modulate the physiological activity of cannabis, or marijuana [A32584]. Compared to its homolog, [DB09061], CBDV is shortened by two methyl (CH2) groups on its side chain. Notably, both [DB09061] and CBDV have demonstrated anticonvulsant activity in animal and human models and are demonstrating promising clinical trial results [A33327, A31560, A33328, A33329]. Other cannabinoids with some evidence of anti-epileptic activity include [DB11755] (THCV) and Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid.While the primary components of cannabis, CBD and THC, have been shown to modulate many of their physiological effects through their binding to the cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors, the investigational cannabinoids with anticonvulsant action mostly use mechanisms that do not involve these two endocannabinoid receptors.The anti-epileptic activity of CBD and CBDV is thought to be modulated by their effects on transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1  (TRPV1), also known as the capsaicin receptor, which is a member of a large family of ion channels that are involved in the onset and progression of several types of epilepsy. CBD and CBDV have been shown to dose-dependently activate and then desensitize TRPV1 as well as TRPV2 and TRPA1 channels [A31560, A33334, A32976]. Desensitization of these ion channels is a potential mechanism by which these molecules cause a reduction of neuronal hyperexcitability that contributes to epileptic activity and seizures. CBDV has also been shown to inhibit the activity of diacylglycerol (DAG) lipase-α, the primary enzyme responsible for the synthesis of the endocannabinoid, 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) [A33296, A33347]. The clinical implications of this are unclear however, as this interaction has not been shown to affect CBDV's anticonvulsant activity.Cannabidivarin is being actively developed by GW Pharmaceuticals as the experimental compound GWP42006 as it has "shown the ability to treat seizures in pre-clinical models of epilepsy with significantly fewer side effects than currently approved anti-epileptic drugs" [L2950]. Unfortunately, as of February 2018, GW Pharmaceuticals announced that their Phase 2a placebo-controlled study of CBDV for focal seizure did not reach its primary endpoints. They will continue to study its use in epilepsy, however, and are expanding their investigations to include its potential use in Autism Spectrum Disorder, Rett syndrome and Fragile X among others [L2949]. In October 2017 CBDV was given orphan designation by the European Medicines Agency for use in Rett Syndrome [L2952] and again in February 2018 for treatment of Fragile X Syndrome [L2951].		
DB14051	Malacidin A	experimental	Malacidin A, along with [DB14052], is a member of a class of chemicals made by bacteria found in soil that can kill Gram-positive bacteria [A33312]. Malacidins are 10-member macrocycle lipopeptides discovered via gene sequencing and bioinformatic analysis. While structurally similar to other macrocycle drugs like [DB00080] and [DB06087], Malacidin A appears to act via its own distinct mechanism.		
DB14052	Malacidin B	experimental	Malacidin B, along with [DB14051], is a member of a class of chemicals made by bacteria found in soil that can kill Gram-positive bacteria [A33312]. Malacidins are 10-member macrocycle lipopeptides discovered via gene sequencing and bioinformatic analysis. While structurally similar to other macrocycle drugs like [DB00080] and [DB06087], Malacidin B appears to act via its own distinct mechanism.		
DB14054	Asiatic acid	experimental	From Centella asiatica and other plants; shows a variety of bioactivities.		
DB14055	(S)-Warfarin	experimental,investigational	Warfarin consists of a racemic mixture of two active enantiomers—R- and S- forms—each of which is cleared by different pathways. S-warfarin is 2-5 times more potent than the R-isomer in producing an anticoagulant response.[A7166]		
DB14056	Nigericin	experimental	A polyether antibiotic which affects ion transport and ATPase activity in mitochondria. It is produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)		
DB14057	Valinomycin	experimental	A cyclododecadepsipeptide ionophore antibiotic produced by Streptomyces fulvissimus and related to the enniatins. It is composed of 3 moles each of L-valine, D-alpha-hydroxyisovaleric acid, D-valine, and L-lactic acid linked alternately to form a 36-membered ring. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) Valinomycin is a potassium selective ionophore and is commonly used as a tool in biochemical studies.		
DB14058	Basifungin	experimental	Basifungin, also known as _aureuobacidin A_, is a phosphorylceramide synthase inhibitor [L2960], [A33381].		
DB14059	SC-236	experimental,investigational	SC-236 is a potent, selective, orally active inhibitor of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) [L2964] that has been studied in cancer therapy [A33375], lower back pain [A33376], and inflammation [A33373], [A33374],[L2962], [A33377].		
DB14060	NS-398	experimental	NS-398 is a COX-2 inhibitor. It was developed as part of the mechanistic study of the cyclooxygenases.		
DB14061	Hycanthone	experimental	Potentially toxic, but effective antischistosomal agent, it is a metabolite of LUCANTHONE. Hycanthone was approved by the FDA in 1975 but is no longer used.		
DB14062	Concanamycin A	experimental	Concanamycin A is an H+-ATPase (vacuolar) inhibitor.		
DB14063	Dexverapamil	experimental			
DB14064	Emopamil	experimental	Prevents renal injury after warm & cold ischemia.		
DB14065	Lomerizine	experimental	Used to treat migraines.		
DB14066	Tetrandrine	experimental			
DB14067	Dofequidar	experimental,investigational	Dofequidar is an antineoplastic agent.		
DB14068	Dexniguldipine	experimental			
DB14069	ONT-093	investigational	ONT-093 is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of P-glycoprotein (P-gp). In pre-clinical studies, ONT-093 could inhibit P-gp and reverse multidrug resistance at nM concentrations with no effect on paclitaxel pharmacokinetics.		
DB14070	HM-30181	experimental			
DB14071	Desmethylsertraline	experimental	Desmethylsertraline  is a metabolite of sertraline.		
DB14072	Reversin 121	experimental	Reversin 121 is a hydrophobic peptide chemosensitizer that can reverse P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance.		
DB14073	Gondoic acid	experimental			
DB14074	Icaridin	experimental	Icaridin, also known as Picaridin or hydroxy-ethyl isobutyl piperidine carboxylate, is a cyclic amine and a member of the piperidine chemical family. Piperidines are structural components of [piperine], which is a plant extract from the genus _Piper _, or pepper. Icaridin has been commonly used as a topically-applied insect repellent in various countries but was officially licensed for use in the United States in 2001 and Canada in 2012 [L4595]. Icaridin was synthesized by Bayer in the 1980s based on molecular modeling [L4595]. It is considered to be the first choice of repellent by the Public Health Agency of Canada’s Canadian Advisory Committee on Tropical Medicine and Travel for travelers six months to 12 years of age [A39203]. Icaridin is reported to be less irritating than [Diethyltoluamide], another common insect repellant, and products containing up to 20% of icaridin are considered safe for long-term use in adults [A39231].		
DB14075	Imidurea	approved,experimental	Imidurea is an antimicrobial preservative used in cosmetics. It acts as a formaldehyde releaser.		
DB14076	Interleukin-1 alpha, human recombinant	experimental			
DB14077	Magnesium stearate	investigational			
DB14078	Medronic acid	approved,investigational			
DB14079	Hydroxybutyloxide	experimental			
DB14080	Acetylcysteine magnesium	experimental			
DB14081	Asiaticoside	experimental			
DB14082	Betiatide	approved,experimental			
DB14083	Bisphenol A diglycidyl ether	approved,experimental			
DB14084	Butylparaben	approved,experimental			
DB14085	Cadmium	experimental	An element with atomic symbol Cd, atomic number 48, and atomic weight 112.41. It is a metal and ingestion will lead to CADMIUM POISONING.		
DB14086	Cianidanol	approved,withdrawn	An antioxidant flavonoid, occurring especially in woody plants as both (+)-catechin and (-)-epicatechin (cis) forms.		
DB14087	Morrhuic acid	experimental	Morrhuic acid is a mixture of unsaturated fatty acids obtained from cod liver oil.		
DB14088	Osbond acid	experimental			
DB14089	Dimercaptosuccinic acid	approved,experimental			
DB14090	Dimethyl sulfone	experimental,investigational			
DB14091	Carbomer homopolymer type C	experimental,investigational	Carbomer homopolymer type C is a high molecular polyanionic substance tested for antiulcerogenic activity.		
DB14092	8-epi-Cyanocobalamin	experimental			
DB14093	(1,2,6,7-3H)Testosterone	experimental			
DB14094	Tocopherylquinone	experimental,investigational			
DB14096	1,2-icosapentoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine	approved,experimental			
DB14097	13-cis-12-(3'-Carboxyphenyl)retinoic acid	experimental			
DB14098	Cobalamin	experimental			
DB14099	1,2-Distearoyllecithin	approved,experimental			
DB14100	Pork Collagen	approved,investigational	Pork Collagen is used within MACI® (autologous cultured chondrocytes on porcine collagen membrane) as an autologous cellularized scaffold product indicated for the repair of single or multiple symptomatic, full-thickness cartilage defects of the knee with or without bone involvement in adults. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.		
DB14101	Soy isoflavones	approved,experimental			
DB14102	Triethylhexanoin	experimental			
DB14103	Methionine sulfoximine	experimental			
DB14104	Linoleic acid	approved,experimental			
DB14105	Sodium 1,2-Dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-rac-glycerol)	approved,experimental			
DB14106	Tetrakis(2-methoxyisobutylisocyanide)copper(I) tetrafluoroborate	approved	Tetrakis (2-methoxyisobutylisocyanide) copper (I) tetrafluoroborate is a component of Cardiolite, a technetium Tc99m-based imaging agent used for assessing myocardial perfusion.[L12744]		
DB14107	7-Aminodesacetoxycephalosporanic acid	experimental			
DB14108	1,2-Hexanediol	experimental			
DB14109	alpha-Arbutin	approved,experimental			
DB14110	Butylene glycol	approved,experimental			
DB14111	Ceramide NP	experimental	Ceramide NP is a lipid molecule included in a group of lipid molecules called ceramides. Ceramides are major lipid components in the stratum corneum of the human skin. Ceramide 3 consists of a phytosphingosine backbone N-acylated with a saturated fatty acid (stearic acid) [A27233]. It is widely used as a moisturizer in various cosmetic and personal products. Together with ceramide 1, they synergistically improve the skin barrier function in humans [A27232, A27233].		
DB14112	Human vaccinia virus immune globulin	approved	Human vaccinia immune globulin (VIG) is a sterile solution containing the purified gamma globulin (IgG) fraction of plasma taken from healthy donors previously vaccinated with live vaccinia virus vaccine who possess high titers of anti-vaccinia virus antibody [FDA Label, A33814]. The IgG fraction is purified by the anion-exchange column chromatography method and the solution is solvent/detergent-treated to sterilize the compound [A33814]. Most compounds used currently are intravenous formulations, which contain no preservatives - unlike prior intramuscular compounds which contained thiomersal, a mercury derivative preservative that could be potentially teratogenic [A33814].Nevertheless, VIG by virtue of the way it is produced is a poorly characterized and highly variable human product that is only available in very limited quantities - all factors that may intervene with its availability and effectiveness [A33798, A33814].		
DB14113	Black widow spider antivenin (equine)	approved	Black widow spider (_Latrodectus mactans_) antivenin is a treatment for black widow spider bites derived from the serum of healthy horses immunized against black widow spider venom.[L12792]		
DB14114	Viper antivenom	approved			
DB14115	Human botulinum neurotoxin A/B immune globulin	approved			
DB14116	Silodrate	approved,experimental			
DB14117	Silica dimethyl silylate	experimental			
DB14119	Phytosphingosine	experimental			
DB14120	Phenylethyl resorcinol	approved,experimental	A tyrosinase inhibitor with skin-lightening activity.		
DB14121	Parasorbic acid	experimental	Sole constituent of "Vogelbeerol" oil obtained by steam distillation of the acidified juice of the ripe berries of the mountain ash.		
DB14122	Dihydroxymethoxychalcone	experimental	Cardamonin (also known as Dihydroxymethoxychalcone), as shown by the increasing number of publications, has received growing attention from the scientific community due to the expectations toward its benefits to human health. Cardamonin's name comes from the fact that it can be found in cardamom spice.		
DB14123	Racementhol	approved,experimental			
DB14124	Cyclomethicone	experimental			
DB14125	Benazeprilat	experimental			
DB14126	Tenofovir	experimental,investigational	Tenofovir is an acyclic nucleotide diester analog of adenosine monophosphate.[A37693] In the most strict sense and due to the fact that it presents a phosphate group bound to the nitrogenous base, it is determined as an actual nucleotide analog.[A37693] The antiviral activities of tenofovir were first reported in 1993 and this agent was commercially available since 2008 in the form of [tenofovir disoproxil] and [tenofovir alafenamide] in order to obtain oral bioavailability.[A18473, A178360]		
DB14127	Sacubitrilat	experimental	A metabolite of LCZ696 with neprilysin inhibitory activity.		
DB14128	Nadide	experimental	A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-diphosphate coupled to adenosine 5'-phosphate by pyrophosphate linkage. It is found widely in nature and is involved in numerous enzymatic reactions in which it serves as an electron carrier by being alternately oxidized (NAD+) and reduced (NADH). (Dorland, 27th ed)		
DB14129	Macelignan	experimental	Macelignan is an NSAID with antioxidant, free radical scavenging, and neuroprotective activities.		
DB14130	Methyl salicylate 2-ethylbutyrate	experimental			
DB14131	Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor	investigational	Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor (bFGF) is a single-chain polypeptide growth factor that plays a significant role in the process of wound healing and is a potent inducer of physiologic angiogenesis. Several different forms of the human protein exist ranging from 18-24 kDa in size due to the use of alternative start sites within the fgf-2 gene. It has a 55 percent amino acid residue identity to Fibroblast Growth Factor 1 and has potent heparin-binding activity. The growth factor is an extremely potent inducer of DNA synthesis in a variety of cell types from mesoderm and neuroectoderm lineages. It was originally named basic fibroblast growth factor based upon its chemical properties and to distinguish it from acidic fibroblast growth factor (Fibroblast Growth Factor 1). Although it is not approved for use in Canada or the USA, bFGF is currently undergoing investigation in a number of clinical trials.		
DB14132	8-chlorotheophylline	experimental	8-Chlorotheophylline is a stimulant drug of the xanthine chemical class, with physiological effects similar to caffeine. Its main use is in combination with [Diphenhydramine] as the antiemetic drug [Dimenhydrinate]. The stimulant properties of 8-chlorotheophylline are thought to ward off the drowsiness caused by diphenhydramine's anti-histamine activity in the central nervous system. 8-chlorotheophylline produces a number of effects including nervousness, restlessness, insomnia, headache, and nausea, which are primarily attributed to its ability to block the adenosine receptor [A33889, A1539]. Because adenosine causes a decrease in neuronal firing, blockade of the adenosine receptor causes the reverse effect resulting in excitation.		
DB14134	Octyldodecanol	experimental			
DB14135	Hypochlorous acid	experimental	An oxyacid of chlorine (HClO) containing monovalent chlorine that acts as an oxidizing or reducing agent.		
DB14136	(-)-menthol 1-propylene glycol carbonate	experimental			
DB14137	Palmitoyl tetrapeptide-7	experimental			
DB14138	Silicic acid	experimental			
DB14139	Hydroxyethyl ethylcellulose	approved,experimental	Hydroxyethyl ethylcellulose modulates bacterial binding to salivary pellicle; moderately effective in preventing plaque formation.		
DB14140	Dipropylene glycol	experimental			
DB14141	p-Phenylenediamine	approved,experimental			
DB14142	Methoxy PEG-12 retinamide	experimental			
DB14143	Distearyldimonium	approved,experimental			
DB14144	p-Aminophenol	experimental			
DB14145	Nepidermin	experimental			
DB14146	Loxicodegol	investigational	Loxicodegol was developed by Nektar Therapeutics as an opioid analgesic with low abuse potential for the treatment of chronic pain [L3263]. The lack of abuse potential is believed to be due to the drug's slow rate of entry into brain, a unique characteristic compared to others in the opioid class [A33997, A34016]. This is also thought to be the reason behind the reduced frequency of CNS-mediated adverse effects, like sedation, seen with Loxicodegol. Nektar Therapeutics has filed an application for FDA approval of Loxicodegol for use in the treatment of chronic lower back pain [L3263]		
DB14148	Human albumin microspheres	approved,experimental			
DB14149	Glyceryl stearate SE	experimental			
DB14150	Chloric acid	approved,experimental			
DB14151	Phosphorus	approved,experimental			
DB14152	Ginsenosides	experimental	Dammarane type triterpene saponins based mainly on the aglycones, protopanaxadiol and protopanaxatriol.		
DB14153	Polysorbate 60	experimental			
DB14154	Gold	experimental	A yellow metallic element with the atomic symbol Au, atomic number 79, and atomic weight 197. It is used in jewelry, goldplating of other metals, as currency, and in dental restoration. Many of its clinical applications, such as ANTIRHEUMATIC AGENTS, are in the form of its salts.		
DB14155	Chitosan low molecular weight (20-200 mpa.s)	experimental			
DB14156	Synthetic camphor	approved,experimental			
DB14157	Hydrogenated soybean lecithin	experimental			
DB14158	Microcrystalline cellulose	approved,experimental,investigational	A polysaccharide with glucose units linked as in CELLOBIOSE. It is the chief constituent of plant fibers, cotton being the purest natural form of the substance. As a raw material, it forms the basis for many derivatives used in chromatography, ion exchange materials, explosives manufacturing, and pharmaceutical preparations.		
DB14159	Oxidronic acid	approved			
DB14160	Titanium	experimental			
DB14161	Lecithin, soybean	experimental	A complex mixture of phospholipids; glycolipids; and triglycerides; with substantial amounts of phosphatidylcholines; phosphatidylethanolamines; and phosphatidylinositols, which are sometimes loosely termed as 1,2-diacyl-3-phosphocholines. Lecithin is a component of the cell membrane and commercially extracted from soybeans and egg yolk. The emulsifying and surfactant properties are useful in food additives and for forming organogels (gels).		
DB14162	Northern bluefin tuna	approved	Northern bluefin tuna allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14163	Anthoxanthum odoratum	approved	Anthoxanthum odoratum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14164	Betula lenta whole	approved	Betula lenta whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14165	Culex pipiens	approved	Culex pipiens allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14166	Rumex acetosella whole	approved	Rumex acetosella whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14167	Rumex crispus top	approved	Rumex crispus top allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14168	Sarocladium strictum	approved	Sarocladium strictum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14169	Salix nigra bark	approved	Salix nigra bark allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14170	Artemisia vulgaris root	approved,investigational	Artemisia vulgaris root allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14171	Penicillium glaucum	approved	Penicillium glaucum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14172	Evernia prunastri	approved	Evernia prunastri allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14173	Diazolidinylurea	approved,experimental			
DB14174	Dipentamethylenethiuram disulfide	approved,experimental			
DB14175	alpha-Amyl cinnamaldehyde	approved,experimental	alpha-Amyl cinnamaldehyde has a jasmine-like odor and is a widely used synthetic fragrance & suspected allergen. It is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14176	Benzylparaben	approved,experimental	Benzylparaben is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14177	Propylparaben	approved,experimental	Propylparaben is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14178	Tetramethylthiuram monosulfide	approved,experimental			
DB14179	Phleum pratense top	approved	Phleum pratense top allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14180	Nickel sulfate	approved,experimental	Nickel sulfate is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14181	Lanolin alcohols	approved,experimental	Lanolin alcohols are a complex combination of organic alcohols obtained by the hydrolysis of lanolin. It is administered as an ointment base with topical insulin and has shown to be antagonistic to wound healing. It is commonly used in allergenic testing.		
DB14182	Dichromate	approved,investigational			
DB14183	Geraniol	approved,experimental	Geraniol is a monoterpene that is found within many essential oils of fruits, vegetables, and herbs including rose oil, citronella, lemongrass, lavender, and other aromatic plants. It is emitted from the flowers of many species of plant and is commonly used by the food, fragrance, and cosmetic industry[L3333]. Geraniol has demonstrated a wide spectrum of pharmacological activities including antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, anti-cancer, and neuroprotective to name a few [A34260,A34261,A34262]. Interestingly, geraniol has also been shown to sensitize tumour cells to commonly used chemotherapies including [DB00544] and [DB01248] and represents a promising cancer chemopreventive agent [A34263]. Due to its anticancer effects, geraniol has been found to be effective against a broad range of cancers including breast, lung, colon, prostate, pancreatic, skin, liver, kidney and oral cancers [A34262].These pharmacologic effects are clinically important as geraniol is classified as generally-recognized-as-safe (GRAS) by the Flavor and Extract Manufacturers Association (FEMA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the United States. Sensitivity to geraniol may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14184	Cinnamaldehyde	approved,experimental	Cinnamaldehyde is a naturally occurring flavonoid that gives the spice cinnamon its flavour and odour. It occurs naturally in the bark of cinnamon trees and other species of the genus Cinnamomum such as camphor and cassia. Sensitivity to cinnamaldehyde may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14185	Aripiprazole lauroxil	approved,investigational	Aripiprazole lauroxil is a long-acting injectable atypical antipsychotic drug used in the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients. It is a prodrug of [aripiprazole], which acts as a partial agonist at the D2 and 5-HT1A receptors, and as an antagonist at the 5-HT2A receptors [A34289]. Affecting about 1% of the adult population in the United States and approximately 26 million people worldwide, schizophrenia is a chronic neurological disorder that may result in impairments in cognition and executive functions [A34289]. The quality of life in patients is greatly reduced due to negative health outcomes, and oftentimes the patients are faced with social stigma and discriminations. Schizophrenia is characterized by positive symptoms such as delusions, hallucinations, thought disorders, and catanoia, and negative symptoms that include social withdrawal, anhedonia, and flattening of emotional responses [T28]. D2 receptors have been the most common target for antipsychotic agents used in the treatment of schizophrenia: the positive symptoms are thought to arise from overactivity in the mesolimbic dopaminergic pathway activating D2 receptors, whereas  negative symptoms may result from a decreased activity in the mesocortical dopaminergic pathway with D1 receptors predominating [T28]. In a randomized, double-blind clinical trial, treatment of aripiprazole lauroxil in adult patients with schizophrenia resulted in improvement of positive and negative symptoms scores at day 85 of treatment [A34289, A34301]. Aripiprazole lauroxil was initially approved by the FDA in October 2015 under the market name Aristada for the treatment of schizophrenia. It is administered via intramuscular injection, and requires the establishment of tolerability prior to dosing in treatment-naïve patients [FDA Label]. On July 2nd, a different formulation of aripiprazole lauroxil marketed as Aristada Initio was FDA-approved for immediate initiation of Aristada at any dose. The patients may receive Aristada Initio in combination with a single 30 mg oral dose of aripiprazole to achieve appropriate levels of aripiprazole more rapidly. Long-acting injectable aripiprazole lauroxil displayed comparable efficacy and safety to aripiprazole [A34301], and reduced dosing frequency improves patient adherence.		
DB14186	Cinnamyl alcohol	approved,experimental	Cinnamyl alcohol is a naturally occurring compound that is found within cinnamon. Due to the low levels found in cinnamon, cinnamyl alcohol is usually supplied as [DB14184] within commercial products.Cinnamyl alcohol has been shown to be a skin sensitizer, with a NOEL (No Effect Level) of ~4% [A34266]. Sensitivity to cinnamyl alcohol may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14187	Hydroxycitronellal	approved,experimental	Hydroxycitronellal is a synthetic fragrance that is widely used in many cosmetics and hygiene products such as deodorants, soaps, antiseptics, and other household items. It has the smell of lilac, lily, and lily of the valley [A34269]. Hydroxycitronellal has also been shown to be a dermatologic irritant and allergen, and as a result commercially available products are restricted by the International Fragrance Association (IFRA) to contain only 0.1-3.6%.Sensitivity to hydroxycitronellal may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14188	Isoeugenol	approved,experimental	Isoeugenol is a commonly used fragrance added to many commercially available products, and occurs naturally in the essential oils of plants such as ylang-ylang. It is also a significant dermatologic sensitizer and allergen, and as a result has been restricted to 200 p.p.m. since 1998 according to guidelines issued by the fragrance industry [A34278]. Allergic reactivity to Isoeugenol may be identified with a patch test.		
DB14189	Ethylenediamine	approved,experimental	Ethylenediamine is an organic compound that is used as a building block for the production of many other chemical products. It is also used as an excipient in many pharmacological preparations such as creams. Notably, ethylenediamine is a contact sensitizer capable of producing local and generalized reactions [A34285]. Sensitivity to ethylenediamine may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14190	p-tert-Butylphenol-formaldehyde resin (low molecular weight)	approved,experimental	p-tert-Butylphenol-formaldehyde resin is a widely used adhesive chemical used in a wide variety of commercially available products and a known dermatological sensitizer and allergen [A34290,A34291].Sensitivity to p-tert-Butylphenol-formaldehyde resin may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14191	Diphenylguanidine	approved,experimental	Diphenylguanidine is a complexing agent used in the detection of metals and organic bases and used as an accelerator in the vulcanization of rubber. It is found in some rubber products. It is also a dermatological sensitizer and allergen.Sensitivity to diphenylguanidine may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14192	N,N'-diphenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine	approved,experimental			
DB14193	Ditiocarb zinc	approved	Ditiocarb zinc, also known as Diethyldithiocarbamic acid zinc salt, is a known chelator for copper and zinc. It also a dermatological sensitizer and allergen. Sensitivity to ditiocarb zinc may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14194	Zinc dibutyldithiocarbamate	approved,experimental	Zinc dibutyldithiocarbamate is a dermatological sensitizer and allergen. Sensitivity to zinc dibutyldithiocarbamate may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14195	4-(Isopropylamino)diphenylamine	approved,experimental	4-(Isopropylamino)diphenylamine, also known as IPPD, is a chemical compound commonly used as an antiozonant in rubbers, particularly those used for tires. It is also a known allergen. Sensitivity to this compound may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14196	N-Cyclohexyl-N'-phenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine	approved	N-Cyclohexyl-N'-phenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine is a component of black rubber. It is also a dermatological sensitizer and allergen.Sensitivity to N-Cyclohexyl-N'-phenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14197	Methylchloroisothiazolinone	approved,experimental	Methylchloroisothiazolinone (MCI) is an isothiazolinone commonly used as a preservative with antibacterial and antifungal properties. It is found within many commercially available cosmetics, lotions, and makeup removers. It is also a known dermatological sensitizer and allergen; some of its side effects include flaky or scaly skin, breakouts, redness or itchiness, and moderate to severe swelling in the eye area. The American Contact Dermatitis Society named Methylchloroisothiazolinone the Contact Allergen of the Year for 2013.Sensitivity to Methylchloroisothiazolinone may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14198	Quaternium-15	approved,experimental	Quaternium-15 is a quaternary ammonium salt used as a surfactant and preservative in many products including cosmetics. It is an anti-microbial agent by virtue of being a formaldehyde releaser, however this can also cause contact dermatitis, a symptom of an allergic reaction, especially in those with sensitive skin. In 2005, Quaternium-15 was named in the top 15 most frequently positive allergens identified in patch tests by the North American Contact Dermatitis Group (NACDG)[A34326].Sensitivity to Quaternium-15 may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14199	Bromothalonil	approved,experimental	Bromothalonil, also known as Methyldibromo glutaronitrile (MDBGN), is a widely used preservative that can be found in many personal hygiene and industrial products. It is also a known allergen and dermatological irritant that has been banned in many EU countries due to increasing rates of contact allergy [A34322]. In 2005, MDBGN was named in the top 15 most frequently positive allergens identified in patch tests by the North American Contact Dermatitis Group (NACDG)[A34326].Sensitivity to Bromothalonil may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14200	Thiohexam	approved,experimental	Thiohexam is a rubber cure accelerator. It is also a known allergen and dermatological sensitizer. Sensitivity to Thiohexam may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14201	2,2'-Dibenzothiazyl disulfide	approved,experimental	2,2'-Dibenzothiazyl disulfide is an accelerator used in the processing process for natural and synthetic rubber and plastic regeneration. It is also a known allergen and dermatological sensitizer.Sensitivity to 2,2'-Dibenzothiazyl disulfide may be identified with a clinical patch test.		
DB14202	Morpholinylmercaptobenzothiazole	approved,experimental			
DB14203	Disperse Blue 106	approved,experimental	Disperse Blue 106 is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14204	Nickel cation	experimental			
DB14205	Cobaltous cation	experimental			
DB14206	Cobalt chloride	approved,experimental			
DB14207	Fosinoprilat	experimental	Fosinoprilat is the active phosphinic acid metabolite of prodrug [fosinopril], which is activated by esterases in vivo. It binds zinc with phosphinic acid group.		
DB14208	Ramiprilat	experimental	The active metabolite of the prodrug [Ramipril].		
DB14209	Trandolaprilat	experimental	The active metabolite of the prodrug [Trandolapril].		
DB14210	Moexiprilat	experimental	The active metabolite of the prodrug [Moexipril].		
DB14211	Fanolesomab	approved,experimental			
DB14212	Methylparaben	approved	Methylparaben is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14213	Perindoprilat	experimental	The active metabolite of the prodrug [Perindopril].		
DB14214	Rose bengal lactone	experimental			
DB14217	Quinaprilat	experimental	The active metabolite of the prodrug [quinapril].		
DB14218	Telotristat	experimental	A tryptophan hydroxylase inhibitor. [Telotristat ethyl] (brand name Xermelo) is a prodrug of telotristat.		
DB14219	Monomethyl fumarate	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB14221	Beclomethasone 17-monopropionate	experimental	An ester of beclomethasone.		
DB14222	Bifidobacterium longum infantis	approved,experimental			
DB14223	Clostridium botulinum	experimental			
DB14224	Lactobacillus reuteri	experimental,investigational			
DB14225	Enterococcus faecium	experimental			
DB14226	Lactobacillus helveticus	experimental			
DB14227	Technetium Tc-99m	experimental	Technetium-99m is the metastable isotope of technetium. It is commonly symbolized as 99mTc and used in the area of medical diagnosis. Technetium-99m is the most commonly used medical radioisotope.		
DB14228	Threonic acid	experimental			
DB14229	Lowbush blueberry	experimental	Ingredient used in over-the-counter medications.		
DB14230	Albumin Aggregated	approved	Albumin aggregated is an ingredient in the DRAXIMAGE MAA kit for the preparation of technetium tc99m albumin aggregated injection.[L12816] This imaging agent is used to assess lung perfusion and for the evaluation of peritoneovenous (LeVeen) shunt patency.		
DB14231	Quinoline Yellow WS	experimental			
DB14232	Deacetylbisacodyl	experimental			
DB14233	Egg phospholipids	approved,experimental,investigational	Egg phospholipids are primarily a mixture of naturally occurring phospholipids which are isolated from the egg yolk. Egg phospholipids are available as an  intravenous fat emulsion indicated as a source of calories for patients requiring parenteral nutrition.		
DB14234	Sus scrofa stomach	experimental			
DB14235	Bilberry	approved,experimental			
DB14236	Aloe vera leaf polysaccharides	experimental			
DB14237	Echinacea angustifolia root	approved,experimental			
DB14238	Echinacea purpurea flowering top	approved,experimental			
DB14239	Echinacea purpurea	approved,experimental			
DB14240	Echinacea	approved,experimental			
DB14241	Caviar, unspecified	approved,experimental	Caviar, unspecified is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14242	Honey	approved,experimental	Honey is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14243	Sus scrofa placenta	experimental	Sus scrofa placenta is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14244	Garden snail mucin	experimental	Garden snail mucin is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14245	Snail, unspecified	approved,experimental	Snail, unspecified is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14246	Marine collagen, soluble	experimental	Marine collagen, soluble is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14247	Moschus berezovskii musk sac resin	experimental	Moschus berezovskii musk sac resin is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14248	Bos taurus gallstone	experimental	Bos taurus gallstone is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14249	Pearl (hyriopsis cumingii)	experimental	Pearl (hyriopsis cumingii) is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14250	Royal jelly	experimental	Royal jelly is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14251	Ostrea edulis shell	experimental	Ostrea edulis shell is an animal extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14252	Jojoba oil	approved,experimental,investigational	Jojoba oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14253	Avena sativa flowering top	approved,experimental	Avena sativa flowering top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14254	Aloe vera flower	approved,experimental	Aloe vera flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14255	Angelica dahurica root	experimental	Angelica dahurica root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14256	Centella asiatica	approved,experimental,investigational	Centella asiatica is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14257	Aloe ferox leaf	approved,experimental	Aloe ferox leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14258	Elm	approved,experimental	Elm is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14259	Eucommia ulmoides bark	experimental	Eucommia ulmoides bark is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14260	Stypocaulon scoparium	experimental	Stypocaulon scoparium is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14261	Panax ginseng fruit	experimental	Panax ginseng fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14262	Bird pepper	approved,experimental	Bird pepper is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14263	Calendula officinalis flower	approved,experimental	Calendula officinalis flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14264	Maclura tricuspidata whole	experimental	Maclura tricuspidata whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14265	Momordica charantia fruit	experimental	Momordica charantia fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14266	Tribulus terrestris root	experimental	Tribulus terrestris root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14267	Rumex crispus whole	approved,experimental	Rumex crispus whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14268	Swertia japonica whole flowering	experimental	Swertia japonica whole flowering is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14269	Nardostachys chinensis whole	experimental	Nardostachys chinensis whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14270	Simmondsia chinensis seed	experimental	Simmondsia chinensis seed is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14271	Morus alba root bark	experimental	Morus alba root bark is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14272	Rosemary	experimental	Rosemary is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14273	Ocimum tenuiflorum top	approved,experimental	Ocimum tenuiflorum top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14274	Salix alba bark	approved,experimental	Salix alba bark is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14275	Indian frankincense	approved,experimental,investigational	Indian frankincense is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14276	Turmeric	approved,experimental,investigational	Turmeric is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14277	Tripterygium wilfordii whole	experimental	Tripterygium wilfordii whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14278	Carthamus tinctorius flower bud	approved,experimental	Carthamus tinctorius flower bud is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14279	Corydalis ambigua tuber	approved,experimental	Corydalis ambigua tuber is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14280	Lonicera caprifolium flower	approved,experimental	Lonicera caprifolium flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14281	Lagerstroemia indica whole	experimental	Lagerstroemia indica whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14282	Phellinus linteus mycelium	experimental	Phellinus linteus mycelium is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14283	Angelica archangelica root	approved,experimental	Angelica archangelica root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14284	Panax ginseng whole	experimental	Panax ginseng whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14285	Ginkgo biloba leaf oil	experimental	Ginkgo biloba leaf oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14286	Panax ginseng root oil	experimental	Panax ginseng root oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14287	Trametes versicolor fruiting body	experimental	Trametes versicolor fruiting body is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14288	Kaempferia galanga root	approved,experimental	Kaempferia galanga root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14289	Larix sibirica wood	approved,experimental	Larix sibirica wood is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14290	Rehmannia glutinosa root	experimental	Rehmannia glutinosa root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14291	Wormwood	approved,experimental	Wormwood is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14292	Acorus calamus root	experimental	Acorus calamus root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14293	Eutrema japonicum whole	experimental	Eutrema japonicum whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14294	Styphnolobium japonicum flower bud	experimental	Styphnolobium japonicum flower bud is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14295	Reynoutria multiflora root	experimental	Reynoutria multiflora root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14296	Panax quinquefolius whole	experimental,investigational	Panax quinquefolius whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14297	Arnica montana	experimental,investigational	Arnica montana is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14298	Gambir	experimental	Gambir is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14299	Mucuna pruriens seed	experimental	Mucuna pruriens seed is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14300	Erythroxylum catuaba bark	experimental	"Catuaba" is a general term for a medicinal infusion created by the bark of plants belonging to the _Erythroxylum_ genus, though this name is also applied to infusions of plants belonging to other genera.[A215262] The infusion is thought to carry stimulant and aphrodisiac effects,[A215262] and catuaba made specifically with _Trichilia catigua_ has been investigated for use in depression.[A215267]		
DB14301	Epimedium grandiflorum top	experimental	Epimedium grandiflorum top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14302	Turnera diffusa leaf	experimental	Turnera diffusa leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14303	Eleuthero	approved,experimental	Eleuthero is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14304	Panax notoginseng root	experimental,investigational	Panax notoginseng root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14305	Tribulus terrestris fruit	experimental	Tribulus terrestris fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14306	Juglans regia shell	experimental	Juglans regia shell is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14307	Green tea leaf	experimental,investigational	Green tea leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14308	Camellia japonica seed oil	experimental	Camellia japonica seed oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14309	Meadowfoam seed oil	experimental	Meadowfoam seed oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14310	Argan oil	experimental	Argan oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14311	Shea butter	experimental	Shea butter is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14312	Glycyrrhiza glabra	approved,experimental	Glycyrrhiza glabra is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14313	Lawsonia inermis leaf	experimental	Lawsonia inermis leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14314	Indigofera tinctoria leaf	experimental	Indigofera tinctoria leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14315	Calendula officinalis whole	experimental	Calendula officinalis whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14316	Tangerine peel	experimental	Tangerine peel is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14317	Pomegranate	experimental,investigational	Pomegranate is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14318	Macadamia seed oil glycereth-8 esters	experimental	Macadamia seed oil glycereth-8 esters is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14319	Magnolia kobus flowering top	experimental	Magnolia kobus flowering top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14320	Eucalyptus globulus leaf	approved,experimental	Eucalyptus globulus leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14321	Bambusa vulgaris top	experimental	Bambusa vulgaris top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14322	Coconut oil	experimental	Coconut oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14323	Grape seed oil	experimental	Grape seed oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14324	Apricot kernel oil	approved,experimental	Apricot kernel oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14325	Schisandra chinensis fruit	experimental	Schisandra chinensis fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14326	Amber	experimental	Amber is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14327	Purslane	approved,experimental	Purslane is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14328	Chamaemelum nobile flower	experimental	Chamaemelum nobile flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14329	Sunflower oil	experimental,investigational	Sunflower oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14330	Macadamia oil	experimental	Macadamia oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14331	Heterotheca inuloides flower	approved,experimental	Heterotheca inuloides flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14332	Inonotus obliquus fruiting body	approved,experimental	Inonotus obliquus fruiting body is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14333	Nelumbo nucifera flower	approved,experimental	Nelumbo nucifera flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14334	Hydrogenated coconut oil	experimental	Hydrogenated coconut oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14335	Bergamot oil	experimental	Bergamot oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14336	Angelica sinensis root	experimental	Angelica sinensis root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14337	Salvia miltiorrhiza root	experimental	Salvia miltiorrhiza root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14338	Atractylodes lancea root oil	approved,experimental	Atractylodes lancea root oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14339	Scutellaria lateriflora	approved,experimental	Scutellaria lateriflora is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14340	Prunus armeniaca seed	experimental	Prunus armeniaca seed is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14341	Chamaecyparis obtusa wood oil	experimental	Chamaecyparis obtusa wood oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14342	Taraxacum officinale leaf	experimental	Taraxacum officinale leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14343	Arnica montana flower	approved,experimental	Arnica montana flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14344	Lonicera confusa flower	experimental	Lonicera confusa flower is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14345	Forsythia suspensa fruit	experimental	Forsythia suspensa fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14346	Mentha arvensis top	experimental	Mentha arvensis top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14347	Platycodon grandiflorus root	experimental	Platycodon grandiflorus root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14348	Citrus junos fruit	experimental	Citrus junos fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14349	Equisetum arvense top	approved,experimental	Equisetum arvense top is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14350	Inula helenium root	approved,experimental	Inula helenium root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14351	Usnea barbata	approved,experimental	Usnea barbata is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14352	Azadirachta indica leaf	approved,experimental	Azadirachta indica leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14353	Zanthoxylum clava-herculis whole	approved,experimental	Zanthoxylum clava-herculis whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14354	Salix alba bark volatile oil	experimental	Salix alba bark volatile oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14355	Apple fruit oil	experimental	Apple fruit oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14356	Platycodon grandiflorus leaf	experimental	Platycodon grandiflorus leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14357	Chamomile	approved,experimental,investigational	Chamomile is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14358	Tribulus terrestris	experimental	Tribulus terrestris is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14359	Tremella fuciformis whole	experimental	Tremella fuciformis whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14360	Saw palmetto	approved,experimental,investigational	Saw palmetto is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14361	Rice bran	approved,experimental	Rice bran is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14362	Moringa oleifera leaf	experimental	Moringa oleifera leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14363	Rosa centifolia flower oil	experimental	Rosa centifolia flower oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14364	Scutellaria baicalensis root	experimental	Scutellaria baicalensis root is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14365	Garcinia gummi-gutta fruit	experimental	Garcinia gummi-gutta fruit is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14366	Ilex paraguariensis leaf	experimental	Ilex paraguariensis leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14367	Chondrus crispus	experimental	Chondrus crispus is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14368	Capsicum annuum whole	experimental	Capsicum annuum whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14369	Typhonium giganteum whole	experimental	Typhonium giganteum whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14370	Phellodendron amurense bark	experimental	Phellodendron amurense bark is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14371	Mangostin	experimental	Mangostin is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14372	Melaleuca alternifolia leaf	experimental	Melaleuca alternifolia leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14373	Quercus acutissima whole	experimental	Quercus acutissima whole is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14374	Pumice	experimental	Pumice is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14375	Milk thistle	approved,experimental,investigational	Milk thistle is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14376	Chicory leaf	experimental	Chicory leaf is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14377	Palm oil	experimental	Palm oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14378	Camphor leaf oil	experimental	Camphor leaf oil is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14379	Zanthoxylum clava-herculis bark	experimental	Zanthoxylum clava-herculis bark is a plant/plant extract used in some OTC (over-the-counter) products. It is not an approved drug.		
DB14382	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 (H1N1)-like hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14383	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-179A (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14384	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14385	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14386	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14387	Influenza B virus B/Texas/6/2011 hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14388	Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine.		
DB14389	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223A (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14390	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14391	Influenza A virus A/Christchurch/16/2010 NIB-74 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14392	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14393	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14394	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14395	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14396	Influenza B virus B/Wisconsin/1/2010 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14397	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 BX-51B hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14398	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/10/2010 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14399	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223A (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14400	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14401	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 BX-51B hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14402	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14403	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14404	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-181 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14405	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14406	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/9/2014 hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14407	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14408	Influenza A virus A/South Australia/55/2014 IVR-175 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14409	Human adenovirus e serotype 4 strain cl-68578 antigen	approved	Human adenovirus e serotype 4 strain cl-68578 antigen is a vaccine.		
DB14410	Human adenovirus b serotype 7	approved	Human adenovirus b serotype 7 is a vaccine.		
DB14411	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14412	Influenza B virus B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009 BX-39 hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14413	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14414	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-179A (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14415	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/9715293/2013 NIB-88 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14416	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14417	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14418	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14419	Influenza A virus A/Christchurch/16/2010 NIB-74XP (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14420	Influenza A virus A/South Australia/55/2014 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14421	Influenza B virus B/Utah/9/2014 hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14422	Influenza A virus A/Michigan/45/2015 X-275 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14423	Influenza A virus A/Michigan/45/2015 (H1N1) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14424	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14425	Influenza A virus A/Slovenia/2903/2015 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14426	Influenza A virus A/New caledonia/71/2014 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14427	Neisseria meningitidis group a capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group a capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine.		
DB14428	Neisseria meningitidis group c capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group c capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine.		
DB14429	Neisseria meningitidis group w-135 capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group w-135 capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine.		
DB14430	Neisseria meningitidis group y capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen	approved	Neisseria meningitidis group y capsular oligosaccharide diphtheria crm197 protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine.		
DB14431	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14432	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14433	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14434	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp2050/2015 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14435	Influenza B virus B/Hong Kong/259/2010 hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14436	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14437	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14438	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14439	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/60/2008 hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14440	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/GP1908/2015 IVR-180A (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14441	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/46/2015 hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14442	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 BVR-1B hemagglutinin antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14443	Vibrio cholerae CVD 103-HgR strain live antigen	approved,investigational	_Vibrio cholerae_ CVD 103-HgR strain live antigen is a component of Vaxchora, an oral vaccine for immunization against _Vibrio cholerae_ serogroup O1.[L12801]		
DB14444	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 (H1N1)-like antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14445	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14446	Influenza A virus A/South Dakota/6/2007 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14447	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14449	Influenza A virus A/Perth/16/2009 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14450	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14451	Influenza B virus B/Texas/6/2011 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14452	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223A (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14453	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14454	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 BX-51B antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14455	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-181 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14456	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/9/2014 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14457	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14458	Influenza A virus A/Michigan/45/2015 X-275 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14459	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14460	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14461	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/gp1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14462	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/GP1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14463	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/GP2050/2015 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14464	Influenza B virus B/Hong Kong/259/2010 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14465	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14466	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/GP1908/2015 IVR-180 (H1N1) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14467	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/4801/2014 X-263B (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14468	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/GP1908/2015 IVR-180A (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14469	Influenza B virus B/Brisbane/46/2015 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14470	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 BVR-1B antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14471	2-Ethylhexyl 4-phenylbenzophenone-2'-carboxylate	experimental			
DB14472	Insulin-like growth factor II	experimental	The insulin-like growth factor II is a well-characterized neutral peptide believed to be secreted by the liver and to circulate in the blood. This factor presents effects related to growth regulation, insulin-like and mitogenic activities. To perform its biological activities, this growth factor can present some dependence to [somatotropin]. It is believed to be a major fetal growth factor in contrast to insulin-like growth factor I, which is a major growth factor in adults.		
DB14473	Beroctocog alfa	approved,investigational			
DB14474	Sorbitan	experimental			
DB14475	L-Lactic acid	approved,experimental			
DB14476	DL-alpha-Tocopherol	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB14477	DL-alpha tocopheryl acetate	approved,experimental			
DB14478	Povidone K30	approved,experimental	A polyvinyl polymer of variable molecular weight; used as suspending and dispersing agent and vehicle for pharmaceuticals; also used as blood volume expander. See [povidone] for full details.		
DB14479	Acetylcysteine zinc	experimental			
DB14480	Acetylcysteine amide	experimental			
DB14481	Calcium phosphate dihydrate	approved			
DB14482	Sodium ascorbate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14483	Calcium ascorbate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14484	Magnesium ascorbate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14485	Zinc ascorbate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14486	Niacinamide ascorbate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14487	Zinc acetate	approved,investigational			
DB14488	Ferrous gluconate	approved			
DB14489	Ferrous succinate	approved			
DB14490	Ferrous ascorbate	approved			
DB14491	Ferrous fumarate	approved	Used in treatment of iron deficiency anemia.		
DB14492	Potassium triiodide	experimental			
DB14493	Zinc glycinate	experimental	Glycoprotein marker of gastrointestinal cancer.		
DB14494	Zinc carbonate	experimental			
DB14495	Manganese citrate	experimental			
DB14496	Sodium molybdate	approved,experimental			
DB14497	Calcium magnesium potassium carbonate chloride hydroxide	experimental			
DB14498	Potassium acetate	approved,investigational			
DB14499	Potassium sulfate	approved,investigational			
DB14500	Potassium	approved,experimental	Potassium is an essential nutrient, like [Calcium] and [Magnesium]. It was identified as a shortfall nutrient by the 2015-2020 Advisory Committee of Dietary Guidelines for Americans.[A186928] Many conditions and diseases interfere with normal body potassium balance, and underconsumption of potassium is one example. Hypokalemia (low potassium) or hyperkalemia (high potassium) may result, manifesting as various signs and symptoms. Some examples of potassium-related complications include life-threatening arrhythmia, neuromuscular dysfunction, diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting.[A32222,A38081,L2652]Various pharmacological preparations have been formulated to replenish potassium. They are available in an assortment of tablet, injection, and other forms, depending on the setting and condition being treated. Potassium is often a key ingredient for intravenous fluids, given to patients in clinical settings for rehydration, nutrition, and replenishment of electrolytes. Examples of potassium formulations include potassium citrate, potassium chloride, and potassium with dextrose and sodium chloride.[L8744,L8747,L8753,L8759]		
DB14501	Ferrous glycine sulfate	approved			
DB14502	Sodium phosphate, dibasic	approved			
DB14503	Sodium phosphate, monobasic, unspecified form	approved			
DB14504	Sodium phosphate, dibasic, unspecified form	approved,experimental			
DB14505	Sodium borate	approved,experimental			
DB14506	Lithium hydroxide	approved,withdrawn	Used for tryptophan determinations in proteins & foods.		
DB14507	Lithium citrate	approved			
DB14508	Lithium succinate	experimental			
DB14509	Lithium carbonate	approved	Lithium has been used to treat manic episodes since the 19th century[A176642]. Though it is widely used, its mechanism of action is still unknown[FDA Label][A14585,A176642,A176651,L5843]. Lithium carbonate has a narrow therapeutic range and so careful monitoring is required to avoid adverse effects[FDA Label].		
DB14510	Ferrous cation	experimental			
DB14511	Acetate	experimental			
DB14512	Mometasone furoate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Mometasone furoate is a corticosteroid drug that can be used for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, and certain skin conditions[FDA Label][F4292,F4295]. It has a glucocorticoid receptor binding affinity 22 times stronger than [dexamethasone] and higher than many other corticosteroids as well[A176906]. Mometasone furoate is formulated as a dry powder inhaler, nasal spray, and ointment for its different indications[FDA Label][F4292,F4295].		
DB14513	Magnesium	approved,experimental,investigational	Magnesium is classified as an alkaline earth metal and has 2 hydration shells.[A19349] The element can be found in abundance in the hydrosphere and in mineral salts such as dolomite and magnesium carbonate.[A19349] Common dietary sources of magnesium include nuts (cashews, peanuts, almonds), beans, bananas, apples, carrots, broccoli, and leafy greens.[A188120,L2601] Magnesium is an important enzyme cofactor and is essential to several metabolic processes.[A32810] Further, the mineral helps regulate blood pressure and is necessary for RNA, DNA and protein synthesis among several other functions.[A32810] Despite the importance of magnesium and its availability via several food sources, an estimated 56 to 68% of adults who live in developed, western countries do not meet the recommended daily intake (RDI) of magnesium.[A39559] Several factors and common behaviours reduce the availability of magnesium in the diet such as food processing and cooking vegetables (which are normally a rich source of magnesium).[A39559]		
DB14514	Magnesium levulinate	nutraceutical			
DB14515	Magnesium lactate	nutraceutical			
DB14516	Sodium cation	experimental			
DB14517	Aluminium phosphate	approved,investigational			
DB14518	Aluminum acetate	approved,investigational			
DB14519	Aluminum cation	experimental			
DB14520	Tetraferric tricitrate decahydrate	approved	Tetraferric tricitrate decahydrate is an iron containing phosphate binder used to treat hyperphosphatemia and iron deficiency anemia in adults with chronic kidney disease.[A25965]Tetraferric tricitrate decahydrate was granted FDA approval on 5 September 2014.[L9926]		
DB14521	Silver cation	experimental			
DB14522	Hydroxide ion	experimental			
DB14523	Phosphate ion	experimental			
DB14524	Gallium cation	experimental			
DB14525	Chromic cation	experimental			
DB14526	Chromic citrate	experimental			
DB14527	Chromic nitrate	approved			
DB14528	Chromium gluconate	approved			
DB14529	Chromium nicotinate	approved,experimental			
DB14530	Chromous sulfate	approved			
DB14531	Carbonate ion	experimental			
DB14532	Zinc cation	experimental			
DB14533	Zinc chloride	approved,investigational	Zinc chloride is a solution of ions indicated for use in total parenteral nutrition to maintain zinc levels and prevent deficiency syndromes.[L14189]Zinc chloride was granted FDA approval before 26 June 1986.[L14189]		
DB14534	Gold cation (1+)	experimental			
DB14535	Indium cation In-111	experimental			
DB14536	Strontium cation Sr-89	experimental			
DB14537	Chromate ion Cr-51	experimental			
DB14538	Hydrocortisone aceponate	experimental,vet_approved			
DB14539	Hydrocortisone acetate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14540	Hydrocortisone butyrate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14541	Hydrocortisone cypionate	approved,investigational,vet_approved			
DB14542	Hydrocortisone phosphate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14543	Hydrocortisone probutate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14544	Hydrocortisone valerate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14545	Hydrocortisone succinate	approved			
DB14546	Sulfate ion	experimental,investigational			
DB14547	Chloride ion	experimental			
DB14548	Zinc sulfate, unspecified form	approved,experimental	Zinc sulfate is a common zinc supplement in parenteral nutrition.[A216916,L12888]		
DB14549	Gallium cation Ga-67	experimental			
DB14550	Gallium chloride Ga-67	approved	Gallium chloride Ga-67 is the chloride salt of a gallium radioisotope which is typically complexed with [sodium citrate] to generate [gallium citrate Ga 67], which can be used to image certain cancers and inflammatory lesions.[L12705]		
DB14551	Phosphorus P-32	experimental	Phosphorus P-32 is a radioactive isotope of phosphorus with beta particle-emitting radiocytotoxic activity. Emitted by phosphorus P32, beta particles directly damage cellular DNA and, by ionizing intracellular water to produce several types of cytotoxic free radicals and superoxides, indirectly damage intracellular biological macromolecules, resulting in tumor cell death.		
DB14552	Cupric cation	experimental			
DB14553	Borate ion	experimental			
DB14554	Dotatate	approved,experimental			
DB14555	Ursadiol	experimental			
DB14556	Peracetic acid	experimental	A liquid that functions as a strong oxidizing agent. It has an acrid odor and is used as a disinfectant.		
DB14557	Ethylhexylglycerin	experimental	An emollient solvent with antimicrobial activity.		
DB14558	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 NIB-104 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14559	Influenza B virus B/Maryland/15/2016 BX-69A antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14560	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 IVR-186 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14561	Influenza B virus B/Maryland/15/2016 BX-69A antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14562	Andexanet alfa	approved,investigational	Andexanet alfa is a recombinant human coagulation Factor Xa that promotes blood coagulation. It was developed by Portola Pharmaceuticals and was approved in in May 2018. It is marketed as Andexxa for intravenous injection or infusion and is indicated for the reversal of anticoagulation in combination with [rivaroxaban] and [apixaban] in cases of life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding. Rivaroxaban and apixaban are Factor Xa inhibitors that promote anticoagulation in situations where blood clotting is unfavourable, such as in deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. However, the use of these agents is associated with a risk for uncontrollable bleeding episodes that can lead to can cause serious or fatal bleeding. Andexanet alfa is currently under regulatory review by the European Union and is undergoing clinical development in Japan [A35518].Andexanet alfa works by binding to Factor Xa inhibitors and prevent them from interacting with endogenous Factor Xa. It displayed high affinity (0.53–1.53 nmol/L) to apixaban, betrixaban, edoxaban and rivaroxaban [A35518]. However, the effectiveness of andexanet alfa on treating bleeding related to any FXa inhibitors other than apixaban and rivaroxaban was not demonstrated, thus such use is limited [L3725]. Its pharmacokinetic properties are not reported to be affected by factor Xa inhibitors [A35518]. Andexanet alfa retains the structural similarity to that of endogenous human factor Xa, but exists in its mature functional form without the need for activation via the intrinsic or extrinsic coagulation pathways [A35558] and remains catalytically inactive due to structural modification [A35518]. The procoagulation potential of andexanet alfa is eliminated through the removal of a 34-residue fragment containing Gla: via this truncation, andexanet alfa is unable to bind to membrane surfaces and assemble the prothrombinase complex [A35558]. It also prevents andexanet alfa from taking up space on phospholipid surface membranes, so that native FXa may bind and assemble the prothrominase complex [A35558]. The amino acid residue modification from serine to alanine in the binding site of the catalytic domain allows more effective binding to FXa inhibitors and deters the andexanet alfa from converting prothrombin to thrombin [A35558].		
DB14563	Magnolia kobus bark	experimental			
DB14564	Kale	experimental			
DB14565	Sophora flavescens root	experimental			
DB14566	Lavender oil	approved,experimental			
DB14567	Brown iron oxide	approved,experimental			
DB14568	Ivosidenib	approved,investigational	Ivosidenib is a first in class isocitrate dehydrogenase-1 (IDH1) approved for use by the FDA in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in July 2018 [L3768]. Ivosidenib is now available in the United States under the trade name Tibsovo marketed by Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ivosidenib has been granted fast track, priority review, and orphan drug designations by the FDA.This approval came alongside the approval for the RealTime IDH1 Assay which is meant as a companion diagnostic tool to detect IDH1 mutations [L3768]. RealTime IDH1 Assay is marketed by Abbott Laboratories.		
DB14569	Tedizolid	approved,investigational	Drug-resistant bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant _Staphylococcus aureus_, vancomycin-resistant _Enterococcus faecium_, and penicillin-resistant _Streptococcus penumoniae_, represent a massive public health threat.[A199086, A199131] Tedizolid is a member of the oxazolidinone class of antibiotics, which includes the previously approved [linezolid] and is generally effective against multidrug-resistant Gram-positive bacteria. Tedizolid is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) and is generally more effective and more tolerable than [linezolid].[L11232, A199086, A199050]Tedizolid was approved by the FDA on June 20, 2014, for sale by Cubist Pharmaceuticals as tedizolid phosphate (SIVEXTRO®). This product is currently available as both an oral tablet and as a powder for intravenous injection.[L11232]		
DB14570	Hydroxyprogesterone	experimental			
DB14571	Radium Ra-223 cation	experimental			
DB14572	Bismuth cation	experimental			
DB14573	Phosphate ion P-32	experimental			
DB14574	Cobalt	approved,experimental	A trace element that is a component of vitamin B12. It has the atomic symbol Co, atomic number 27, and atomic weight 58.93. It is used in nuclear weapons, alloys, and pigments. Deficiency in animals leads to anemia; its excess in humans can lead to erythrocytosis.		
DB14575	Eslicarbazepine	approved	Adjunctive Therapy for Adults with Partial-Onset Seizures		
DB14576	Thallous cation Tl-201	experimental			
DB14577	Calcium cation	experimental			
DB14578	Gadolinium cation (3+)	experimental			
DB14579	Lanthanum III cation	experimental			
DB14580	Lecanemab	investigational	Lecanemab is an experimental drug that is currently in clinical trials for the treament of Alzheimer's disease.		
DB14581	CPI-1205	investigational	Potent and selective histone methyltransferase EZH2 inhibitor.		
DB14582	Patisiran	approved,investigational	Parisiran is a first in class short interfering RNA for the treatment of patients with polyneuropathy caused by hereditary transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis [L4220]. It is marketed as Onpattro which is formulated as patisiran within a liposome envelope for better delivery to the liver, where transthyretin is produced. The approval for Onpattro was granted to Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in August of 2018. Onpattro has been granted Fast Track, Priority Review and Breakthrough Therapy, and Orphan Drug designations.		
DB14583	Segesterone acetate	approved,experimental,investigational	Segesterone acetate is a steroidal progestin or synthetic progesterone and a 19-norprogesterone derivative with no CH3 group radical in position 6 [A37048]. In animal studies, segesterone acetate was shown to be one of the most potent progestins [A37090]. It mediates progestational activity 100 times higher than that of [progesterone] [A37092]. It is commonly sold under the brand names Nestorone and Elcometrine and serves as an active component in hormonal contraceptives. It is also used as a treatment for endometriosis in South American countries. Segesterone acetate binds selectively to progesterone receptors and not androgen receptors [A37083]. Due to its rapid hepatic metabolism, segesterone acetate must be administered parenterally [A37090]. Segesterone acetate is not an orally active compound, but it is proved to be a potent anti-ovulatory agent when given in implants, vaginal rings or percutaneous gel [A37090]. On August 10, 2018, Annovera™ containing segesterone acetate and [ethinyl estradiol] was granted approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first and only contraceptive that provides an entire year of protection against unintended pregnancy while entirely under a woman's control. According to the Center for Disease Control, more than 43 million women in the U.S. are at risk of unintended pregnancy, which may be associated with an elevated risk for improper prenatal care, premature and low-birth-weight infants, and physical and mental health risks [L4246]. The introduction of this new contraceptive method offers an expansion of birth control options for women while maintaining high efficacy and acceptability similar to existing shorter-acting combined hormonal methods [A37083]. In clinical trials, Annovera™ achieved a 97.3% success in pregnancy prevention [L4246]. Annovera™ is administered as a vaginal ring that is in place for 21 days and removed for 7 days each cycle. As with other hormonal contraceptives, Annovera™ carries the risk for serious cardiovascular events.		
DB14584	Segesterone	experimental			
DB14585	Plantago ovata seed	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB14586	Citrus bioflavonoids	approved,experimental			
DB14587	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 IVR-186 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14588	Bambusa arundinacea stem	experimental			
DB14589	Caprylyl glycol	experimental			
DB14590	Anemarrhena asphodeloides root	experimental			
DB14591	Influenza B virus B/Maryland/15/2016 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14592	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 IVR-186 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14593	Influenza B virus B/Maryland/15/2016 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14594	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14595	Influenza B virus B/Maryland/15/2016 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB00873	Loteprednol	approved,experimental			
DB14597	Lanadelumab	approved,investigational	Lanadelumab, also known as DX-2930, is a human IgG1 monoclonal antibody designed for subcutaneous self-injection.[L4538] It is a fully human immunoglobulin, k-light-chain made in recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary cells.[L4537] The FDA and EU granted the designation of priority review, breakthrough therapy and orphan drug for rare diseases based on the results of the reported clinical trials.[A38676] Lanadelumab was developed by Shire and FDA approved on August 28, 2018.[L4537]		
DB14598	Edetate calcium disodium anhydrous	approved	Edetate calcium disodium is a metal ion chelator used to reduce blood concentrations and depot stores of lead from the body.[L12774] It is on the World Health Organization Model List of Essential Medicines.[A204173]Edetate calcium disodium was granted FDA approval on 16 July 1953.[L12774]		
DB14599	Edetate copper disodium	experimental			
DB14600	Edetate disodium anhydrous	approved,vet_approved	Edetate disodium anhydrous is a polyvalent chelating agent used to treat hypercalcemia and digitalis toxicity associated ventricular arrhythmias.[A204275]		
DB14601	Barley malt syrup	approved	Barley malt syrup allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14602	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14603	Influenza B virus B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009 BX-39 antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14604	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 X-223A (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14605	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 BX-51B antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14606	Influenza A virus A/Texas/50/2012 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14607	Influenza B virus B/Massachusetts/2/2012 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14608	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/361/2011 IVR-165 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14609	Influenza B virus B/Wisconsin/1/2010) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14610	Influenza B virus B/Hubei-Wujiagang/158/2009 BX-39 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14611	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14612	Influenza A virus A/California/7/2009 X-181 (H1N1) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14613	Serum, horse	approved			
DB14614	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/210/2009 X-187 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14615	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14616	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/59/2007 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14617	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14618	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/59/2007 (H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved,investigational	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14619	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14620	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/59/2007(H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14622	Sodium phosphate tribasic dodecahydrate	experimental			
DB14623	Acetyl chloride	experimental			
DB14624	Nandrolone hydrogen sulfate	experimental,investigational			
DB14625	Meprednisone acetate	experimental			
DB14626	Pregnenolone acetate	investigational			
DB14627	Oxyphenisatin acetate	approved,investigational,withdrawn			
DB14628	Pseudosaccharin chloride	experimental			
DB14629	Trifluoroethyl acetate	experimental			
DB14630	Tyramine O-sulfate	experimental			
DB14631	Prednisolone phosphate	approved,vet_approved	Prednisolone phosphate is a glucocorticoid similar to [cortisol] used for its anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive, anti-neoplastic, and vasoconstrictive effects.[A187463]Prednisolone phosphate was granted FDA Approval on 19 December 1973.[L14144]		
DB14632	Prednisolone tebutate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14633	Prednisolone hemisuccinate	experimental			
DB14634	Fluprednidene acetate	experimental	Fluprednidene acetate is a corticosteroid. It has anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties.		
DB14635	Curcumin sulfate	experimental			
DB14636	Triciribine phosphate	investigational			
DB14637	Fluprednisolone acetate	experimental			
DB14638	Diloxanide furoate	approved			
DB14639	Boldenone undecylenate	illicit,vet_approved			
DB14640	Isoflupredone acetate	vet_approved			
DB14641	Estriol tripropionate	experimental			
DB14642	Lypressin	approved			
DB14643	Methylprednisolone aceponate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14644	Methylprednisolone hemisuccinate	approved	A water-soluble ester of methylprednisolone used for cardiac, allergic, and hypoxic emergencies.		
DB14645	Nitrogen trichloride	experimental			
DB14646	Prednisone acetate	approved,experimental,investigational			
DB14647	Sulfur chloride	experimental			
DB14648	Acetyl simvastatin	experimental			
DB14649	Dexamethasone acetate	approved,investigational,vet_approved	Commonly known as decadron, dexamethasone acetate is a glucocorticosteroid previously marketed in the USA for the treatment of inflammatory respiratory, allergic, autoimmune, and other conditions.[T797,L10695,L14348] Developed in 1957, dexamethasone is structurally similar to other corticosteroids such as [hydrocortisone] and [prednisolone].[A188724] Dexamethasone acetate has largely been replaced by [dexamethasone] phosphate and continues to be administered for a large variety of inflammatory conditions.[L10701]Recently, dexamethasone has been a drug of interest in the treatment of COVID-19. In a June 16 2020 press release highlighting early results of a clinical trial, Randomized Evaluation of COVID-19 Therapy (RECOVERY), it was reported that dexamethasone reduced COVID-19 deaths by approximately one-fifth and one-third in patients on oxygen therapy and mechanical ventilation, respectively. Dexamethasone was therefore recommended as a life-saving treatment for COVID-19 patients experiencing severe respiratory symptoms.[L14318]		
DB14650	Menadiol diphosphate	approved,nutraceutical			
DB14651	Perphenazine enanthate	experimental			
DB14652	Clocortolone acetate	experimental			
DB14653	Clocortolone caproate	experimental			
DB14654	Bisoxatin acetate	experimental			
DB14655	Drostanolone propionate	approved,illicit			
DB14656	Chlorphenesin carbamate	approved,vet_approved,withdrawn			
DB14657	Paramethasone acetate	approved			
DB14658	Chloramphenicol palmitate	approved,vet_approved			
DB14659	Melengestrol acetate	experimental	A 6-methyl progesterone acetate with reported glucocorticoid activity and effect on estrus.		
DB14660	Trenbolone acetate	vet_approved			
DB14661	Loperamide oxide	experimental			
DB14662	Flunisolide acetate	experimental			
DB14663	Ribavirin monophosphate	experimental			
DB14664	Difluocortolone pivalate	experimental			
DB14665	Bornyl acetate	experimental			
DB14666	Oleoyl chloride	experimental			
DB14667	Phenyl hydrogen sulfate	experimental			
DB14668	Dienestrol diacetate	experimental			
DB14669	Betamethasone phosphate	approved,vet_approved	Betamethasone phosphate is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed, providing rapidly accessible [betamethasone] to agonize glucocorticoid receptors.[L11994] Betamethasone provides greater anti-inflammatory activity than [prednisolone] with less sodium and water retention.[L11994]Betamethasone sodium phosphate was granted FDA approval on 3 March 1965.[L11994]		
DB14670	Lauroyl chloride	experimental			
DB14671	Temazepam acetate	experimental			
DB14672	Oxazepam acetate	experimental			
DB14673	Flurandrenolide acetate	experimental			
DB14674	Estramustine phosphate	approved,investigational	A nitrogen mustard linked to estradiol, usually as phosphate; used to treat prostatic neoplasms; also has radiation protective properties.		
DB14675	Temsavir	investigational			
DB14676	Fagrocorat	experimental			
DB14677	Gestonorone caproate	approved			
DB14678	Norethindrone enanthate	experimental			
DB14679	Quingestanol acetate	experimental			
DB14680	Combretastatin A4	experimental			
DB14681	Cortisone	experimental	A naturally occurring glucocorticoid. It has been used in replacement therapy for adrenal insufficiency and as an anti-inflammatory agent. Cortisone itself is inactive. It is converted in the liver to the active metabolite hydrocortisone. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p726)		
DB14682	Dextrorphan	experimental			
DB14683	Prezatide copper	experimental	Prezatide is a tripeptide consisting of glycine, histidine, and lysine which readily forms a complex with copper ions [A19503]. Prezatide is used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair. It is known to aid wound healing and its potential applications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and metastatic colon cancer are currently being investigated.		
DB14684	Calcium polycarbophil	approved	Calcium polycarbophil is a stool stabilizer. Based on its chemical structure, it is a synthetic polymer of polyacrylic acid cross-linked with divinyl glycol presenting a calcium atom as a counter-ion. Polycarbophil is used to treat constipation. This drug may also be used to help relieve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome or diarrhea.Less gas and bloating compared to psyllium laxative products, but can cause heartburn, and belly cramps. It is insoluble in water, dilute acids, and dilute alkali. The material possesses exceptionally high water-binding capacity. is not absorbed, does not interfere with the activity of digestive enzymes or intestinal absorption, possesses satisfactory stability, is physiologically inert, and does not cause gastrointestinal irritation.		
DB14685	Adenovirus type 7 vaccine live	approved			
DB14686	Chamaecyparis obtusa leaf	experimental			
DB14687	Centella asiatica leaf	experimental			
DB14688	Sambucus nigra flower	experimental			
DB14689	Rosemary oil	approved,experimental			
DB14690	Ginger oil	approved,experimental			
DB14691	Willow bark	approved,experimental			
DB14692	Turmeric oil	approved,experimental			
DB14693	Atractylodes lancea root	approved,experimental			
DB14694	Beef liver	approved	Beef liver allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14695	Ferric oxyhydroxide	experimental	An antiferromagnetic material; constitutes the core of natural ferritin.		
DB14696	Influenza A virus A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14697	Influenza B virus B/Colorado/06/2017 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14698	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/59/2007(H1N1) hemagglutinin antigen (UV,formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14699	Influenza A virus A/Uruguay/716/2007(H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (UV,formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB14700	Damoctocog alfa pegol	approved,investigational	In recent years, various extended half-life factor VIII and factor IX preparations have been studied and gained approval. In order to extend half-lives, techniques such as fusion to protein conjugates (Fc part of IgG1 or albumin), chemical modification (PEGylation), and protein sequence modification have been utilized.[A38907]Also known as, BAY94-9027, Damoctocog alfa pegol is a longer-acting Factor VIII therapy formulated with polyethylene glycol (PEG) to reduce the number of infusions necessary to prevent bleeds in patients diagnosed with Haemophilia A.[L4576,A38909,Label] This product has been engineered by Bayer[L4576] and a biological license application has been filed with the FDA in August 2017 and FDA approved in August 2018.[F1609]		
DB14701	Ethyl 8-hydroxy-alpha-(2-propynylamino)-5-quinolinepropanoate	experimental			
DB14702	Sodium metavanadate	approved,experimental			
DB14703	Dexamethasone metasulfobenzoate	approved,experimental			
DB14704	Ribitol	experimental			
DB14705	Ceramide AP	experimental			
DB14706	Ceramide NG	experimental			
DB14707	Cemiplimab	approved,investigational	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Cemiplimab (_Libtayo_), manufactured by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, on September 28, 2018.This is the first FDA approval of a drug specifically for the treatment of advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) [A39201, L4615].		
DB14708	Tosylchloramide	experimental	Tosylchloramide, also known as chloramine-T, is a chlorinated and deprotonated sulfonamide used as a mild disinfectant. It is not stable in the water dissolved form.		
DB14709	Bean	approved	Bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14710	Camponotus pennsylvanicus	approved	Camponotus pennsylvanicus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14711	Smallpox (Vaccinia) Vaccine, Live	approved	The New York City Board of Health strain of _Vaccinia_ is a viral strain used as a component of some smallpox vaccinations.[L12747] ACAM2000, a percutaneously administered smallpox vaccine that was approved by the FDA in 2007, contains live antigens of this strain.[L12747]		
DB14712	Elapegademase	approved	Elapegademase is a PEGylated recombinant adenosine deaminase. It can be defined molecularly as a genetically modified bovine adenosine deaminase with a modification in cysteine 74 for serine and with about 13 methoxy polyethylene glycol chains bound via carbonyl group in alanine and lysine residues.[F1937] Elapegademase is generated in _E. coli_, developed by Leadiant Biosciences and FDA approved on October 5, 2018.[L4654,F1939]		
DB14713	Inotersen	approved,investigational	Inotersen is a transthyretin-directed antisense oligonucleotide for the treatment of the polyneuropathy caused by hereditary transthyretin-mediated amyloidosis in adults. It was FDA approved in October 2018.[L11761] Inotersen has been shown to improve the course of neurologic disease and quality of life in patients with hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis [A39493].Hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis is caused by single-nucleotide variants in the gene encoding transthyretin (TTR), which lead to transthyretin misfolding and the deposition of amyloid substance systemically. Progressive amyloid accumulation may lead to multiorgan dysfunction and death [A39493].		
DB14714	Tenivastatin	experimental			
DB14715	Cinazepam	experimental			
DB14716	Clonazolam	experimental			
DB14717	Nitrazolam	experimental			
DB14718	Pyrazolam	experimental			
DB14719	Bentazepam	experimental			
DB14720	Brovanexine	experimental			
DB14721	MK-1454	investigational	A synthetic cyclic dinucleotide (CDN) and agonist of stimulator of interferon genes protein (STING), with potential immunoactivating and antineoplastic activities. Upon intratumoral (IT) administration, STING agonist MK-1454 binds to STING and activates the STING pathway, which promotes IKK-related kinase TANK-binding kinase 1 (TBK1) signaling and activates nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) and interferon regulatory factor 3 (IRF3) in immune cells in the tumor microenvironment; this leads to the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interferons (IFNs). Specifically, expression of IFN-beta (IFNb) enhances the cross-presentation of tumor-associated antigens by CD8alpha-positive and CD103-positive dendritic cells (DCs) to cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs). This results in a CTL-mediated immune response against tumor cells and causes tumor cell lysis. [L4741]		
DB14722	ADU-S100	investigational	ADU-S100 (MIW815) is a synthetic cyclic dinucleotide (CDN) agonist (activator) of Stimulator of Interferon Genes (STING), a receptor crucial to activate the innate (endogenous) immune system. ADU-S100 (MIW815) activates all known human and mouse STINGs, and effectively induces the expression of cytokines and chemokines, leading to a robust and durable antigen-specific T-cell mediated immune response against cancer cells. [L4742]		
DB14723	Larotrectinib	approved,investigational	Larotrectinib is an orally administered tropomyosin receptor kinase (Trk) inhibitor with demonstrated antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, larotrectinib binds to Trk, thereby preventing neurotrophin-Trk interaction and Trk activation, which results in both the induction of cellular apoptosis and the inhibition of cell growth in tumors that overexpress Trk. Trk, a receptor tyrosine kinase activated by neurotrophins, is mutated in a variety of cancer cell types and plays an important role in tumor cell growth and survival.Originally discovered by Array BioPharma, the agent was ultimately licensed to Loxo Oncology in 2013. Larotrectinib is another example of innovative new cancer therapy medications that target key, specific genetic biomarker drivers of cancer rather than particular types of tumors [L4847].		
DB14724	Emapalumab	approved,investigational	Emapalumab, also known as NI-0501, is a fully human monoclonal antibody that targets interferon gamma. Emapalumab development was sponsored by NovImmune SA, further developed by Sobi and FDA approved on November 20, 2018.[A38676, L4840] The approval of emapalumab was followed by the designation of orphan drug, priority review and breakthrough therapy.[L4840] As well, emapalumab was given the status of PRIME by the EMA.[L4845]		
DB14725	Cefamandole nafate	approved			
DB14726	Dabigatran	investigational			
DB14727	Riboflavin tetrabutyrate	experimental			
DB14728	Mebenil	experimental	An obsolete fungicide used to control various pathogens on cereals and seed potatoes.		
DB14729	Rebeccamycin	experimental	Rebeccamycin is a weak topoisomerase I inhibitor isolated from _Nocardia sp_.		
DB14730	Calaspargase pegol	approved	Asparaginase is an important agent used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [A40270].  Asparagine is incorporated into most proteins, and the synthesis of proteins is stopped when asparagine is absent, which inhibits RNA and DNA synthesis, resulting in a halt in cellular proliferation.  This forms the basis of asparaginase treatment in ALL [A40270], [A40273], [F2432].Calaspargase pegol, also known as _asparlas_, is an asparagine specific enzyme which is indicated as a part of a multi-agent chemotherapy regimen for the treatment of ALL [L4890]. The asparagine specific enzyme is derived from Escherichia coli, as a conjugate of L-asparaginase (L-asparagine amidohydrolase) and monomethoxypolyethylene glycol (mPEG) with a succinimidyl carbonate (SC) linker to create a stable molecule which increases the half-life and decreases the dosing frequency [FDA label], [A40270].Calaspargase pegol, by _Shire_ pharmaceuticals,  was approved by the FDA on December 20, 2018 for acute lymphoblastic anemia (ALL) [L4890].		
DB14731	Tagraxofusp	approved,investigational	Tagraxofusp is an IL-3 conjugated truncated diphtheria toxin.[L4895] It is composed by the catalytic and translocation domains of diphtheria toxin fused via Met-His linker to a full-length human IL-3.[L4897, L4898] Tagraxofusp was developed by Stemline Therapeutics Inc and FDA approved on December 21, 2018, as the first therapy for blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm.[L4894] This drug achieved approval after being designated with the title of breakthrough therapy, priority review, and orphan drug status.[L4893] Tagraxofusp has been designated as an orphan drug in the EU since November 2015.[L4898]		
DB14732	Queuine	experimental,nutraceutical	Queuine is a derivative of [7-Deazaguanine]. Bacteria possess the exclusive ability to synthesize queuine, which is then salvaged and passed on to plants and animals. Quantities of queuine have been found in tomatoes, wheat, coconut water, and milk from humans, cows, and goats. Humans salvage and recover queuine from either ingested food or the gut flora. All eukaryotic organisms, including humans, transform queuine to queuosine by placing it in the wobble position (anticodon) of several tRNAs including aspartic acid, asparagine, histidine, and tyrosine. Endogenously, it has been determined that queuine contributes to generating various important biochemicals like tyrosine, serotonin, dopamine, epinephrine, norepinephrine, nitric oxide, lipids, and others [A173830, A173833, A173851].		
DB14733	Ceftobiprole medocaril	experimental,investigational	Ceftobiprole medocaril is a [ceftobiprole] prodrug.		
DB14734	Cannabigerol	experimental	A natural product found in Cannabis sativa and Helichrysum species.		
DB14735	Cannabichromene	experimental	A natural product found in Cannabis sativa and Helichrysum species.		
DB14736	Cannabivarin	experimental	A natural product found in Cannabis sativa.		
DB14737	Cannabinol	experimental,investigational	Cannabinol (CBN) is a physiologically inactive constituent of Cannabis sativa.		
DB14738	Turoctocog alfa pegol	approved	Turoctocog alfa pegol is a pegylated version of [turoctocog alfa]. Novo Nordisk's brand name Esperoct (turoctocog alfa pegol, N8-GP) was approved by the US FDA on February 19, 2019.Fundamentally, the N8-GP moiety is identical to [turoctocog alfa], a recombinant human clotting factor VIII (rFVIII) with a truncated B-domain made from the sequence coding for 10 amino acids from the N-terminus and 11 amino acids from the C-terminus of the naturally occurring B-domain [F3685]. Turoctocog alfa is produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells without addition of any human or animal-derived materials [F3685]. During secretion, some rFVIII molecules are cleaved at the C-terminal of the heavy chain (HC) at amino acid 720, and a monoclonal antibody binding C-terminal to this position is used in the purification process allowing isolation of the intact rFVIII [A31504]. It was developed by Novo Nordisk and approved by the US FDA on October 16, 2013 [L1104].The essential difference between turoctocog alfa and N8-GP, however, is the specific attachment of a 40-kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) group to a specific _O_-glycan in the truncated B-domain of the general turoctocog alfa rFVIII structure [A31506, A32069]. This modification to the general turoctocog alfa rFVIII structure makes N8-GP an extended half-life factor VIII molecule for factor VIII replacement therapy in patients with factor VIII deficiency, or hemophilia A [F3649]. As such, turoctocog alfa pegol is a valuable expansion to the drug therapies available for treating hemophilia A as it ultimately provides a less burdensome and more convenient dosing regimen for patients that is less frequent than that for turoctocog alfa.		
DB14739	Phenolsulfonic acid	experimental			
DB14740	Hyaluronidase	approved	Hyaluronidase is an enzyme used to improve the absorption and dispersion of parenterally administered fluids, drugs, and contrast agents.[L13338] The action of hyaluronidase was first described in 1936, and named in 1939.[A199026] Early research into hyaluronidase identified it as a "spreading factor" which allowed for increased permeability of the connective tissue.[A199026] Hyaluronidase has been used in surgical settings for at least the past 60 years to improve the diffusion of local anesthetics.[A199047]Hyaluronidase was first used in prescription products in the United States on 5 May 2004.[L13338]		
DB14741	Luteinizing hormone	approved			
DB00781	Polymyxin B	approved,vet_approved	Polymyxin B was discovered in the 1940s[A176429]. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes[A176426]. Polymyxin B is used for infections with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic[A176426,FDA Label]. All gram-positive bacteria, fungi, and the gram-negative cocci, are resistant[A176426]. It is appropriate for treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of _Pseudomonas aeruginosa_[FDA Label]. Polymyxin B has a narrow therapeutic index and so its use is limited and unlikely to be used first line[A176429].		
DB14743	Avenanthramides	experimental			
DB14744	Spirulina platensis	experimental			
DB14745	Olea europaea leaf	experimental			
DB14746	Lauryl glucoside	experimental			
DB14747	Ephedra sinica stem	experimental			
DB14748	Polygala tenuifolia root	experimental			
DB14749	Polygala senega root	approved,experimental			
DB14750	Cidoxepin	experimental			
DB14751	Mecasermin rinfabate	approved	Mecasermin rinfabate is approved for severe primary insulin-like growth factor (IGF) deficiency or in patients with GH gene deletion who have developed antibodies to growth hormone (GH)[A176020]. Mecasermin rinfabate is similar to [DB01277] in that both drugs contain recombinant DNA origin insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). Mecasermin rinfabate however, is already bound to recombinant DNA origin insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3)[A12605]. The binding of IGF-1 to IGFBP-3 is said to extend the half life and reduce the clearance of IGF-1 in patients with growth hormone resistant syndromes and low levels of IGFBP-3 though this may represent <500 patients worldwide[A176065].Mecasermin rinfabate manufactured by Insmed Incorporated under the brand name Iplex was approved by the FDA in 2005[L5722]. In 2007 Insmed withdrew their application for a marketing authorization with The European Medicines Agency[F4075].		
DB14752	Racephedrine	approved,experimental			
DB14753	Hydroxystilbamidine	approved	Hydroxystilbamidine isethionate is used in the therapy of some patients with nonprogressive blastomycosis of the skin, and pulmonary or systemic blastomycosis in children, with fewer side effects than amphotericin B. Hydroxystilbamidine isethionate is also used in pathology for diagnostic purposes.		
DB14754	Solriamfetol	approved	Solriamfetol marketed under the brand name Sunosi by Jazz Pharmaceuticals in the United States is a dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (DNRI) indicated in treating daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea[FDA Label]. Solriamfetol was given FDA approval in 2019[FDA Label].		
DB14755	beta-Isosparteine	experimental			
DB14756	meso-Tartaric acid	experimental			
DB14757	Agrostis gigantea top	approved	Agrostis gigantea top is the flowering part of the Agrostis gigantea plant. Agrostis gigantea top is mainly used in allergenic testing.		
DB14758	Catfish	approved	Catfish (unspecified) allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14759	Red pepper	approved	Red pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB14760	Narlaprevir	experimental			
DB14761	Remdesivir	approved,investigational	Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is the causative agent of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which is a respiratory disease that is capable of progressing to viral pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS); COVID-19 can be fatal. Like other RNA viruses, SARS-CoV-2 depends on an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) enzyme complex for genomic replication, which can be inhibited by a class of drugs known as nucleoside analogues.[A222398]Remdesivir (GS-5734) is an adenosine triphosphate analogue first described in the literature in 2016 as a potential treatment for Ebola.[A191379, A222393] Broad antiviral activity of remdesivir is suggested by its mechanism of action,[A222398] and to date, it has demonstrated _in vitro_ activity against the _Arenaviridae_, _Flaviviridae_, _Filoviridae_, _Paramyxoviridae_, _Pneumoviridae_, and _Coronaviridae_ viral families.[A222393] Remdesivir activity against the _Coronaviridae_ family was first demonstrated in 2017,[A191382] leading to considerable interest in remdesivir as a possible treatment for COVID-19.[A191427, A198810] Remdesivir was confirmed as a non-obligate chain terminator of RdRp from SARS-CoV-2 and the related SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV,[A222398] and has been investigated in multiple COVID-19 clinical trials.[L12174, L12177]Based on aggregate data, remdesivir was granted an FDA Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) on May 1st, 2020.[L13236] The FDA subsequently granted full approval for remdesivir as a COVID-19 treatment on October 22, 2020, while simultaneously updating the EUA to cover those patients not included under the approved indication.[L18438] Remdesivir is currently marketed under the trademark name VEKLURY® by Gilead Sciences Inc.[L18438]Remdesivir in combination with [baricitinib] for the treatment of COVID-19, was granted an FDA Emergency Use Authorization on 19 Novermber 2020.[L22619]		
DB14762	Risankizumab	approved,investigational	Risankizumab is a fully humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody (mAb) that is selective for interleukin 23 (IL-23). On April 23, 2019 it was approved by the FDA (as _SKYRIZI_) for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are clinically considered eligible for systemic therapy or phototherapy for psoriasis.[FDA label] This drug has been commercialized through collaboration between the German pharmaceutical company, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Abbvie.[A177601]Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the skin most commonly characterized by raised, red plaques covered with silver scales in cases of plaque psoriasis. There are several subtypes of psoriasis, however, plaque psoriasis is most prevalent.[A177604] This disease occurs mainly in adults (with a prevalence ranging from 0.91% to 8.5%). Psoriasis has a peak incidence at two age groups: approximately 30–39 years and approximately 60 years of age.[A177604] Depending on disease severity, psoriasis may have significant effects on quality of life and can lead to embarrassment and negative social consequences.[A177607] Risankizumab is a promising drug for the relief of plaque psoriasis and has been shown to be effective in managing the above unpleasant symptoms.[FDA label]		
DB14763	Cycloguanil	approved	Cycloguanil is the active metabolite of [proguanil].		
DB14764	Dengue tetravalent vaccine, live	approved			
DB14765	Rivoceranib	investigational	Rivoceranib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02726854 (Apatinib as Second-line Treatment of Advanced Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB14766	Etrasimod	investigational	Etrasimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03945188 (Etrasimod Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis).		
DB14767	Peginterferon lambda-1a	investigational	Peginterferon lambda-1a is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01754974 (Safety and Efficacy Study of Peginterferon Lambda-1a vs. Peginterferon Alfa-2a, Plus Ribavirin in Subjects With Genotype 1 Hepatitis C).		
DB14768	PF-06459988	investigational	PF-06459988 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02297425 (A Study For Patients With EGFRm (Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Mutant) Lung Cancer).		
DB14769	Pamiparib	investigational	Pamiparib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03933761 (Pamiparib in Fusion Positive, Reversion Negative High Grade Serous Ovarian Cancer or Carcinosarcoma With BRCA1/2 Gene Mutations If Progression on Substrate Poly ADP Ribose Polymerase Inhibitbor (PARPI) or Chemotherapy).		
DB14770	Lanraplenib	investigational	Lanraplenib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03285711 (Safety and Efficacy of Filgotinib and Lanraplenib in Adults With Lupus Membranous Nephropathy (LMN)).		
DB14771	Polyacrylamide (crosslinked; 2 mole percent bisacrylamide)	investigational	Polyacrylamide (crosslinked; 2 mole percent bisacrylamide) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00629083 (Bulking Agents for the Treatment of Stress Urinary Incontinence in Females).		
DB14772	DCFBC F-18	investigational	DCFBC F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02190279 (18F-DCFBC PET/CT in Prostate Cancer).		
DB14773	Lifirafenib	investigational	Lifirafenib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03641586 (The Study of BGB-283 in Chinese Subjects With Local Advanced or Metastatic Malignant Solid Tumor).		
DB14774	Balipodect	investigational	Balipodect is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01892189 (Effects of TAK-063 on Preventing Ketamine-Induced Brain Activity Changes as Well as Psychotic-Like Symptoms in Healthy Male Adults).		
DB14775	Cavosonstat	investigational	Cavosonstat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02589236 (Study of Cavosonstat (N91115) in Patients With CF Homozygous for the F508del-CFTR Mutation).		
DB14776	Camrelizumab	investigational	Camrelizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03417895 (SHR-1210 Combined With Apatinib in Treatment of ED-SCLC After Failure of First Line Standard Therapy).		
DB14777	Murepavadin	investigational	Murepavadin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02110459 (Pharmacokinetics and Safety of POL7080 in Patients With Renal Impairment).		
DB14778	Setrusumab	investigational	Setrusumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01406548 (Safety and Efficacy of Multiple Dosing Regimens of BPS804 in Post Menopausal Women With Low Bone Mineral Density).		
DB14779	LGD-6972	investigational	LGD-6972 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01919684 (Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of LGD-6972 in Healthy Subjects and Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB14780	Pegzilarginase	investigational	Pegzilarginase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02488044 (A Phase 1/2 Study of AEB1102 in Patients With Arginase I Deficiency).		
DB14781	Vofatamab	investigational	Vofatamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02401542 (Dose Escalation, Expansion Study of Vofatamab (B-701) in Treatment of Locally Advanced or Metastatic Urothelial Cell Carcinoma).		
DB14782	Tofersen	investigational	Tofersen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03764488 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Distribution of a Microdose of Radiolabeled BIIB067 (99mTc-MAG3-BIIB067) Co-administered With BIIB067 to Healthy Adults).		
DB14783	Diroximel fumarate	approved,investigational	Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, debilitating neurological disease that can lead to profound cognitive and physical symptoms, severely affecting quality of life.[A176474] It is the main cause of neurological disability not caused by trauma in the young adult population of both North America and Europe. Relapsing-remitting forms of MS lead to neurological symptoms that resolve and recur periodically. More than 80% of patients suffering from this disease have relapsing-remitting MS.[A187535]Diroximel fumarate is a new drug from the fumarate class formulated to treat various relapsing forms of MS.  This drug is bioequivalent to [Dimethyl fumarate][A187544,L9626](initially manufactured in 2013), but is less likely to cause gastrointestinal side effects, owing to its unique chemical structure. Diroximel fumarate was formulated by Alkermes in collaboration with Biogen, and approved by the FDA on October 30, 2019.[L9626]		
DB14784	Gancotamab	investigational	Gancotamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02213744 (MM-302 Plus Trastuzumab vs. Chemotherapy of Physician's Choice Plus Trastuzumab in HER2-Positive Locally Advanced/Metastatic Breast Cancer Patients).		
DB14785	Fenebrutinib	investigational	Fenebrutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03174041 (A Drug-Drug Interaction Study Between GDC-0853 and Midazolam, Itraconazole, Rosuvastatin, and Simvastatin).		
DB14786	Nerofe	investigational	Nerofe is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03059615 (A Phase 2a, Open-Label, Two Stage Study of Nerofe or Nerofe With Doxorubicin in Subjects With AML or MDS).		
DB14787	BMS-830216	investigational	BMS-830216 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00909766 (Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics Study to Evaluate BMS-830216 in Obese Subjects).		
DB14788	Prasinezumab	investigational	Prasinezumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03100149 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy of Prasinezumab (RO7046015/PRX002) in Participants With Early Parkinson's Disease).		
DB14789	Dectrekumab	investigational	Dectrekumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00987545 (Efficacy 2 Part Study of Identification of Keloid Biomarkers and Effect of QAX576 on Keloid Recurrence).		
DB14790	BPN-14770	investigational	BPN-14770 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02840279 (A Multiple Ascending Dose Study of BPN14770 in Healthy Young and Elderly Male or Female Subjects).		
DB14791	GDC-0425	investigational	GDC-0425 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01359696 (A Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0425 Administered With and Without Gemcitabine in Patients With Refractory Solid Tumors or Lymphoma).		
DB14792	AZD-5991	investigational	AZD-5991 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03218683 (Study of AZD5991 in Relapsed or Refractory Haematologic Malignancies.).		
DB14793	RO-5045337	investigational	RO-5045337 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01164033 (A Study of RO5045337 in Patients With Solid Tumors).		
DB14794	Glepaglutide	investigational	Glepaglutide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00868660 (Healthy Normal Single Ascending Dose and Crohn's Patient Multiple Ascending Dose).		
DB14795	AZD-3759	investigational	AZD-3759 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03360929 (Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Anti-tumor Activity of AZD3759).		
DB14796	Talacotuzumab	investigational	Talacotuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01632852 (A Study of CSL362 in Patients With CD123+ Acute Myeloid Leukemia Currently in Remission).		
DB14797	SEphB4-HSA	investigational	SEphB4-HSA is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02495896 (Recombinant EphB4-HSA Fusion Protein With Standard Chemotherapy Regimens in Treating Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB14798	Afasevikumab	investigational	Afasevikumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01480310 (Study to Investigate the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Immunogenicity of Subcutaneous MCAF5352A in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14799	PF-06821497	investigational	PF-06821497 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03460977 (PF-06821497 Treatment Of Relapsed/Refractory SCLC, Castration Resistant Prostate Cancer, and Follicular Lymphoma).		
DB14800	GP-100 antigen	investigational	GP-100 antigen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00006385 (Vaccine Therapy With or Without Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma).		
DB14801	Lanifibranor	investigational	Lanifibranor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03008070 (Phase 2b Study in NASH to Assess IVA337).		
DB14802	ONO-2952	investigational	ONO-2952 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01887002 (Study to Evaluate the Effects of ONO-2952 on Pain Perception Produced by Rectal Distention in Female Subjects With Diarrhea-Predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS-D)).		
DB14803	AMY-101	investigational	AMY-101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03694444 (A Study of the C3 Complement Inhibitor AMY-101 in Adults With Gingivitis).		
DB14804	Iodine I-125	investigational	Iodine I-125 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00079417 (Neoadjuvant Carboplatin and Vincristine and Standard Local Ophthalmic Therapy in Treating Patients With Intraocular Retinoblastoma).		
DB14805	DCFPyL F-18	investigational	DCFPyL F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02691169 (Integrated 18F-labelled PSMA Project).		
DB14806	Avexitide	investigational	Avexitide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02996812 (Evaluation of Single Ascending Doses of Subcutaneous Exendin 9-39 in Patients With Post-Bariatric Hypoglycemia).		
DB14807	Demplatin pegraglumer	investigational	Demplatin pegraglumer is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02043288 (Combination Therapy With NC-6004 and Gemcitabine Versus Gemcitabine Alone in Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB14808	Lumicitabine	investigational	Lumicitabine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03010059 (A Study to Assess the Relative Bioavailability of JNJ64041575 Administered as 2 Different New Concept Formulations (Oral Suspension and Tablet) Compared to Their Respective Current Formulations, and to Assess the Effect of Food on the Pharmacokinetics of the 2 New Concept Formulations).		
DB14809	Anetumab ravtansine	investigational	Anetumab ravtansine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03455556 (Anetumab Ravtansine and Atezolizumab in Treating Participants With Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB14810	AZD-1656	investigational	AZD-1656 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00747175 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and P-Glucose After Multiple Ascending Oral Doses of AZD1656 in Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB14811	Isatuximab	approved,investigational	Isatuximab (formerly SAR650984) is a humanized, IgG1-derived monoclonal antibody (mAb) produced from a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line.[L12099,A191799] Structurally, isatuximab is comprised of two identical immunoglobulin kappa light chains and two identical immunoglobulin gamma heavy chains.[L12099] It is a cytolytic antibody targeted against CD38, a glycoprotein found on the surface of some immune cells that is highly expressed by malignant plasma cells in multiple myeloma.[L12099] Along with [daratumumab], another anti-CD38 mAb, isatuximab constitutes a novel treatment modality for patients with difficult-to-treat multiple myeloma.Following three consecutive years on the yearly "Antibodies to watch" list published in "mAb", a peer-reviewed scientific journal dedicated to antibody research,[A38676,A191826,A191829] isatuximab was granted Orphan Drug designation and approved on March 2nd, 2020, for the treatment of multiple myeloma.[L12099,L12102] It is manufactured by Sanofi-Aventis U.S. under the brand name Sarclisa.[L12102]		
DB14812	Procalcitonin	investigational	Procalcitonin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03440060 (Procalcitonin-guided Antibiotic Therapy During Severe Exacerbation of COPD).		
DB14813	PF-232798	investigational	PF-232798 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01140425 (Study To Evaluate The Effect Of A Multiple Oral Dose Of PF-00232798 On QT Intervals In Healthy Subjects).		
DB14814	Lanabecestat	investigational	Lanabecestat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03499041 (A Study of LY3314814 in Participants With Liver Impairment).		
DB14815	Ginsenoside B2	investigational	Ginsenoside B2 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00781534 (A Clinical Trial of Ginseng in Diabetes).		
DB14816	Biropepimut-S	investigational	Biropepimut-S is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02873819 (Safety and Efficacy Study of GL-0817 (With Cyclophosphamide) for the Prevention of Recurrence of Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity).		
DB14817	Pegapamodutide	investigational	Pegapamodutide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02188303 (A Study of LY2944876 in Healthy Japanese and Non-Japanese Participants).		
DB14818	Osocimab	investigational	Osocimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03276143 (FactOr XIa inhibiTion for the pRevention of venOus Thromboembolism in Patients Undergoing Total Knee Arthroplasty).		
DB14819	Cobitolimod	investigational	Cobitolimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03178669 (The Efficacy of Cobitolimod in Patients With Moderate to Severe Active Ulcerative Colitis).		
DB14820	Profoxydim	investigational	Profoxydim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02728011 (Pilot Trial Comparing Computerised Cognitive Exercises to Tetris in Adolescents With ADHD).		
DB14821	Macozinone	investigational	Macozinone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03036163 (Phase 1 Study of PBTZ169).		
DB14822	SB-649868	investigational	SB-649868 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01030939 (Study to Investigate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Cardiac Function After Repeat Doses of SB-649868 in Healthy-volunteers).		
DB14823	Balovaptan	investigational	Balovaptan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01793441 (A Study of RG7314 to Investigate Efficacy and Safety in Individuals With Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD)).		
DB14824	Icrucumab	investigational	Icrucumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01111604 (A Study of IMC-1121B or IMC-18F1 in Colorectal Cancer).		
DB14825	Danvatirsen	investigational	Danvatirsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03334617 (Phase II Umbrella Study of Novel Anti-cancer Agents in Patients With NSCLC Who Progressed on an Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 Containing Therapy.).		
DB14826	Topramezone	investigational	Topramezone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00559520 (The Role of Preoperative Oral Immunonutrition in Major Vascular Surgery).		
DB14827	Modotuximab	investigational	Modotuximab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03549338 (Sym004 Versus Futuximab or Modotuximab in Patients With mCRC).		
DB14828	ABX-464	investigational	ABX-464 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03905109 (Safety Evaluation of ABX464 in Patients With Moderate to Severe Active Crohn's Disease).		
DB14829	Uproleselan	investigational	Uproleselan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02306291 (Study to Determine Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Efficacy of GMI-1271 in Combination With Chemotherapy in AML).		
DB14830	Fluoromisonidazole F-18	investigational	Fluoromisonidazole F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01507428 (Study of Positron Emission Tomography and Computed Tomography in Guiding Radiation Therapy in Patients With Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB14831	BMS-986012	investigational	BMS-986012 is a human antifucosyl-GM1 antibody. It is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02815592 (Trial of BMS-986012 in Combination With Platinum and Etoposide).		
DB14832	Polydioxanone	investigational	Polydioxanone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00998907 (PDS*Plus and Wound Infections After Laparotomy).		
DB14833	Recombinant human lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase	investigational	Recombinant human lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03578809 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MEDI6012 in Acute ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction).		
DB14834	Olendalizumab	investigational	Olendalizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01883544 (Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of ALXN1007 in Healthy Male and Female Subjects).		
DB14835	SUVN-G3031	investigational	SUVN-G3031 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02342041 (A Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of SUVN-G3031 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB14836	Polydextrose	investigational	Polydextrose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02258750 (Assessing a Polydextrose Containing Soup on Food Intake, Appetite and Biomarkers of Satiation and Satiety).		
DB14838	Telisotuzumab	investigational	Telisotuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01472016 (Study of ABT-700 in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB14839	TOP-1288	investigational	TOP-1288 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02888379 (Phase 2a Study to Evaluate the Safety/Tolerability and Efficacy of TOP1288 200 mg Rectal Solution Once Daily for 4 Weeks in Ulcerative Colitis).		
DB14840	Ripretinib	approved	Ripretinib is a kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) that has not adequately responded to other kinase inhibitors such as [sunitinib] and [imatinib]. Ripretinib, also known as Qinlock, is manufactured by Deciphera Pharmaceuticals and was initially approved by the FDA on May 15, 2020.[L13769] It is the first drug approved as a fourth-line therapy in the specific setting of prior treatment with a minimum of 3 other kinase inhibitors.[L13778]		
DB14841	Centanafadine	investigational	Centanafadine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02827513 (A Phase 1 Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerance, Food Effect, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Single and Multiple Doses of Extended Release Formulations of Centanafadine (CTN) in Young Healthy Subjects).		
DB14843	Codrituzumab	investigational	Codrituzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01507168 (A Study of RO5137382 (GC33) in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Hepatocellular Carcinoma).		
DB14844	ONC-201	investigational	ONC-201 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03394027 (ONC201 in Recurrent/Refractory Metastatic Breast Cancer and Advanced Endometrial Carcinoma).		
DB14845	Filgotinib	approved,investigational	Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic, autoimmune, systemic, and inflammatory disease that causes synovial joint symptoms and can limit range of motion in severe cases.[A221451,A221456] The disease is associated with extra-articular manifestations, progressive disability, and comorbidities including cardiovascular disease and mental disorders.[A189165] 50-70% of patients with RA are unable to achieve sustained clinical remission despite the availability of several treatments including disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDS) like [methotrexate], interleukin-6 (IL-6) blockers, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors.[A189165] New therapeutic developments target other inflammatory pathways implicated in RA including the Janus kinase (JAK) signaling pathway as seen with filgotinib.[A221456] There are four JAK subtypes which include JAK1, JAK2, JAK3, and tyrosine kinase 2.[A189165] Non-selective JAK inhibitors like [tofacitinib] target JAK1 and JAK3 subtypes with minimal activity at JAK2. In contrast, the newly approved filgotinib is a highly selective JAK1 inhibitor.[A189165] JAK2 and JAK3 play important roles in both immune and hematologic functions; therefore, selectivity for JAK1 aims to improve the safety profile of filgotinib while maintaining clinical efficacy.[A189165] Filgotinib is currently reserved for patients who cannot tolerate DMARDs, or who have been unable to achieve remission in response to one or more DMARDs.[L16616]		
DB14846	Bimiralisib	investigational	Bimiralisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02723877 (PQR309 and Eribulin in Metastatic HER2 Negative and Triple-negative Breast Cancer (PIQHASSO)).		
DB14847	Azintuxizumab vedotin	investigational	Azintuxizumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02951117 (A Study of Venetoclax and ABBV-838 Combination Therapy With Dexamethasone in Participants With Multiple Myeloma Whose Cancer Has Come Back or Had No Response to Recent Cancer Treatment).		
DB14848	Tibulizumab	investigational	Tibulizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03736772 (A Study of LY3090106 in Japanese and Caucasian Healthy Participants).		
DB14849	Nebicapone	investigational	Nebicapone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03097211 (Effect of BIA 6-512 at Steady-state on the Levodopa Pharmacokinetics With a Single-dose of Levodopa/Benserazide 200/50 mg or With a Single-dose of Levodopa/Benserazide 200/50 mg Plus a Single-dose of Nebicapone 150 mg).		
DB14850	Deleobuvir	investigational	Deleobuvir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01983566 (Effect of Food and Increased Gastric pH Value on Bioavailability of a Single Dose of BI 207127 in Healthy Caucasian and Japanese Subjects).		
DB14851	Relatlimab	investigational	Relatlimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02966548 (Safety Study of BMS-986016 With or Without Nivolumab in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB14852	PRM-151	investigational	PRM-151 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01981850 (A Phase 2 Study Of PRM-151 In Subjects With Myelofibrosis).		
DB14853	Myrcludex B	investigational	Myrcludex B is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03546621 (A Multicenter, Open-label, Randomized Clinical Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of 3 Doses of Myrcludex B for 24 Weeks in Combination With Tenofovir Compared to Tenofovir Alone to Suppress HBV Replication in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis D).		
DB14854	TC-6987	investigational	TC-6987 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01296087 (TC-6987 for the Treatment of Mild to Moderate Asthma).		
DB14855	2-(aminomethyl)phenol	investigational	2-(aminomethyl)phenol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03556319 (2-HOBA: Multiple Dosing Study in Older Adults).		
DB14856	PF-05089771	investigational	PF-05089771 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01529671 (A Safety And Tolerability Study Of PF-05089771 In Healthy Subjects And In Subjects With Otseoarthritis Of The Knee).		
DB14857	Avadomide	investigational	Avadomide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02031419 (Novel Combinations of CC-122, CC-223, CC-292, and Rituximab in Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma and Follicular Lymphoma).		
DB14858	Tadekinig alfa	investigational	Tadekinig alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03113760 (Therapeutic Use of Tadekinig Alfa in NLRC4 Mutation and XIAP Deficiency).		
DB14859	Fosifloxuridine nafalbenamide	investigational	Fosifloxuridine nafalbenamide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03428958 (A Safety Study of NUC-3373 in Combination With Standard Agents Used in Colorectal Cancer Treatment).		
DB14860	Ensartinib	investigational	Ensartinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03420508 (Treating Patients With Melanoma and ALK Alterations With Ensartinib).		
DB14862	PF-06815345	investigational	PF-06815345 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02654899 (Single Dose Study of PF-06815345 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB14864	Brolucizumab	approved,investigational	Brolucizumab, also known as RTH258 or ESBA1008,[A187211] is a monoclonal antibody indicated to treat neovascular age related macular degeneration.[L9089]Brolucizumab was granted FDA approval in October 2019.[L9089]		
DB14865	Human interleukin-2	investigational	Human interleukin-2 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03475134 (TIL-ACT After NMA Chemo With IL-2 and Nivo Rescue in mMEL).		
DB14866	Amcasertib	investigational	Amcasertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02483247 (A Study of BBI503 in Combination With Selected Anti-Cancer Therapeutics in Adult Patients With Advanced Cancer).		
DB14867	Parsaclisib	investigational	Parsaclisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03126019 (An Open-Label Study of Parsaclisib in Relapsed or Refractory Follicular Lymphoma (CITADEL-203)).		
DB14868	AZD-8848	investigational	AZD-8848 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01818869 (To Assess the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Multiple Doses AZD8848 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB14869	Remetinostat	investigational	Remetinostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02213861 (Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability Study of SHAPE in IA, IB or IIA Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma).		
DB14870	PF-5190457	investigational	PF-5190457 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01522807 (A Study Of Three PF-05190457 Formulations In Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14871	Xentuzumab	investigational	Xentuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02191891 (Xentuzumab (BI 836845) Plus Afatinib in Patients With Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutant Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC)).		
DB14872	Lucerastat	investigational	Lucerastat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03425539 (Efficacy and Safety of Lucerastat Oral Monotherapy in Adult Subjects With Fabry Disease).		
DB14873	Enadenotucirev	investigational	Enadenotucirev is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02636036 (Phase I Study of Enadenotucirev and PD-1 Inhibitor in Subjects With Metastatic or Advanced Epithelial Tumors).		
DB14874	Cergutuzumab amunaleukin	investigational	Cergutuzumab amunaleukin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02004106 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of RO6895882 in Participants With Advanced and/or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB14875	AZD-4017	investigational	AZD-4017 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01173471 (A Phase IIa Study to Assess the Tolerability, Safety, and Efficacy of AZD4017 for Raised Intra-ocular Pressure).		
DB14876	TAS-116	investigational	TAS-116 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02965885 (A Study of TAS-116 in Patients With Solid Tumors).		
DB14877	Lintuzumab	investigational	Lintuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00016159 (Chemotherapy Plus Monoclonal Antibody in Treating Patients With Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia).		
DB14878	Liafensine	investigational	Liafensine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00892840 (Multiple-Ascending Dose Study).		
DB14879	Cefiderocol	approved,investigational	Cefiderocol is a cephalosporin antibacterial drug and exerts a mechanism of action similar to other β-lactam antibiotics.[FDA Label] Unlike other agents in this category, cefiderocol is a siderophore able to undergo active transport into the bacterial cell through iron channels.[A189057] It represents a significant addition to antibacterial treatment option as it has proven to be effective *in vitro* against multidrug resistant strains including extended spectrum β-lactamase producers and carbapenemase producing bacteria.Cefiderocol was granted designation as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product and granted priority review status by the FDA on November 14, 2019.[L10893] It is indicated for use in complicated urinary tract infections in patients with limited or no alternative treatments available.[FDA Label] This indication was supported by a positive clinical trial composed of 448 patients with complicated urinary tract infections which demonstrated a 72.6% rate of symptom resolution and bacterial eradication with cefiderocol compared to 54.6% with the comparator, imipenem/cilastatin.[A189150] A concern noted in the trial was a 0.3% higher rate of all cause mortality, the cause of which has not been determined.		
DB14880	Uteroglobin	investigational	Uteroglobin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01473264 (Safety, Pk and Anti-inflammatory Effects of CC10 Protein in Premature Infants With Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS)).		
DB14881	Oliceridine	approved,investigational	Severe acute pain occurs through nociceptive signalling involving both ascending and descending spinal pathways, in which nerve conductance is mediated in part by the action of opioid receptors.[A218041, A218046] Opioid receptors are seven-transmembrane G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), of which the μ-opioid receptor subtype is predominantly targeted by and is responsible for the effects of opioid agonists.[A218031, A218046] However, due to the ability of some opioid agonists to bind to other targets, as well as activation of additional downstream pathways from opioid receptors such as those involving β-arrestin, the beneficial analgesic effects of opioids are coupled with severe adverse effects such as constipation and respiratory depression.[A218026, A218031, A218036, A218041, A218046]Oliceridine (formerly known as TRV130) is a "biased agonist" at the μ-opioid receptor by preferentially activating the G-protein pathway with minimal receptor phosphorylation and recruitment of β-arrestin.[A218026, A218031] By acting as a biased agonist, oliceridine provides comparable analgesia compared with traditional opioids such as [morphine] at a comparable or decreased risk of opioid-related adverse effects such as constipation and respiratory depression.[A218026, A218031, A218051, A218056, A218061, A218066, A218071, L15516]Oliceridine was first reported in 2013,[A218026, A218086] but was initially not approved by the FDA due to concerns raised by the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee.[A218041] Oliceridine gained FDA approval on August 7, 2020, and is currently marketed by Trevena Inc as OLINVYK™.[L15516]		
DB14882	CEP-9722	investigational	CEP-9722 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01345357 (Study of CEP-9722 in Combination With Gemcitabine and Cisplatin in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Mantle Cell Lymphoma).		
DB14883	Lorecivivint	investigational	Lorecivivint is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03246399 (A Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of SM04690 Injectable Suspension Following Single Intradiscal Injection in Subjects With Degenerative Disc Disease).		
DB14884	Imgatuzumab	investigational	Imgatuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01326000 (A Study of RO5083945 in Combination With FOLFIRI Versus FOLFIRI Plus Cetuximab or FOLFIRI Alone as Second Line Treatment in Patients With Metastatic Colorectal Cancer).		
DB14885	PF-05180999	investigational	PF-05180999 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01530529 (A Study to Assess the Relative Bioavailability of a Modified-Release Formulation of PF-05180999).		
DB14886	BIO-11006	investigational	BIO-11006 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03202394 (Evaluation of Safety & Efficacy of BIO-11006 Inhalation Solution in Patients With ARDS).		
DB14887	PF-04620110	investigational	PF-04620110 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01146327 (A Multiple Dose Study Of PF-04620110 In Healthy Overweight Or Obese Subjects).		
DB14888	IQP-0528	investigational	IQP-0528 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03082690 (ImQuest (IQP) DuoGel Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Study).		
DB14889	Derazantinib	investigational	Derazantinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03230318 (Derazantinib in Subjects With FGFR2 Gene Fusion Positive Inoperable or Advanced Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma).		
DB14890	Obicetrapib	investigational	Obicetrapib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02241772 (A Study on the Effects of TA-8995 on Lp(a) in Subjects With Elevated Lp(a)).		
DB14891	Vobarilizumab	investigational	Vobarilizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02101073 (ALX-0061 Phase I Bioavailability Study in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14892	Spartalizumab	investigational	Spartalizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02605967 (Safety and Efficacy Study of PDR001 in Patients With Recurrent or Metastatic Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma).		
DB14894	Galicaftor	investigational	Galicaftor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03540524 (A Study Looking at the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of the Combination of the Study Drugs GLPG2451 and GLPG2222 With or Without GLPG2737 in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis.).		
DB14895	Vibegron	approved,investigational	Vibegron is a potent, selective beta-3 adrenergic receptor (β3) agonist that relaxes the detrusor smooth muscle of the bladder, thereby increasing bladder capacity.[L28305] Vibegron was first approved in Japan in September 2018 for the treatment of overactive bladder,[A226050] a condition associated with distressing symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency, and reduced quality of life of patients. On December 23, 2020, vibegron was approved for the same indication in adults. It is available as oral tablets under the market name GEMTESA.[L28310] Vibegron is the second beta-3 adrenergic agonist approved for the treatment of overactive bladder following [mirabegron], which was approved in 2012. Unlike mirabegron, vibegron is less likely to be associated with drug-drug interactions involving the CYP3A4, 2D6, or 2C9 enzymes.[A226065]		
DB14896	Selitrectinib	investigational	Selitrectinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03215511 (Phase 1/2 Study of LOXO-195 in Patients With Previously Treated NTRK Fusion Cancers).		
DB14897	Parsatuzumab	investigational	Parsatuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01366131 (Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of MEGF0444A in Combination With Carboplatin, Paclitaxel and Bevacizumab in Patients With Advanced or Recurrent Non-Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Who Have Not Received Prior Chemotherapy for Advanced Disease (NILE)).		
DB14898	Retagliptin	investigational	Retagliptin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02822534 (The Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics Study of Single and Multiple Dose of SP2086 in Type 2 Diabetes Patients).		
DB14899	Tavapadon	investigational	Tavapadon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02262767 (A Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of PF-06649751 Co-administered With Trimethobenzamide Hydrochloride in Healthy Subjects).		
DB14900	ISO-1 F-18	investigational	ISO-1 F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00968656 (Assessment of Cellular Proliferation in Tumors by Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Using [18F]ISO-1).		
DB14901	Inclisiran	approved,investigational	Inclisiran is a long-acting, synthetic small interfering RNA (siRNA) directed against proprotein convertase subtilisin-kexin type 9 (PCSK9), which is a serine protease that regulates plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. By binding to PCSK9 messenger RNA, inclisiran prevents protein translation of PCSK9, leading to decreased concentrations of PCSK9 and plasma concentrations of LDL cholesterol.[A225953,A225958] Lowering circulating plasma LDL-C levels contributes to an additional benefit of lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and improving cardiovascular outcomes, as hypercholesterolemia is a major known risk factor for CVD.[A225953,A225958] On December 11, 2020, the European Commission (EC) recently granted authorization for marketing inclisiran under the trade name Leqvio: the drug is approved for the treatment of adults with primary hypercholesterolemia (heterozygous familial and non-familial) or mixed dyslipidemia, alone or in combination with other lipid-lowering therapies.[L28178] Inclisiran is also under review by the FDA.		
DB14902	JHU-75528 C-11	investigational	JHU-75528 C-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03204305 (Brain Imaging of Cannabinoid Receptors).		
DB14903	Rovafovir etalafenamide	investigational	Rovafovir etalafenamide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03472326 (Efficacy of GS-9131 Functional Monotherapy in HIV-1-Infected Adults Failing a Nucleos(t)Ide Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor-Containing Regimen).		
DB14904	Pimasertib	investigational	Pimasertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01378377 (Combination Trial of Pimasertib (MSC1936369B) With Temsirolimus).		
DB14905	Emactuzumab	investigational	Emactuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01494688 (A Study of RO5509554 as Monotherapy and in Combination With Paclitaxel in Participants With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB14906	Adafosbuvir	investigational	Adafosbuvir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02894905 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Renal Impairment on the Pharmacokinetics of AL-335).		
DB14907	Bevacizumab zirconium Zr-89	investigational	Bevacizumab zirconium Zr-89 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01338090 (89Zr-bevacizumab PET Imaging in Patients With Neuroendocrine Tumors).		
DB14908	Refanezumab	investigational	Refanezumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00833989 (Safety Escalating Repeat IV, in Stroke Patients).		
DB14909	Imetelstat	investigational	Imetelstat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01916187 (Imetelstat Given Intravenously Alone and With Standard 13-Cis-Retinoic Acid in Children With Neuroblastoma).		
DB14910	Mirikizumab	investigational	Mirikizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03053622 (A Study of Mirikizumab (LY3074828) Injection in Healthy Participants).		
DB14911	Risuteganib	investigational	Risuteganib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02348918 (Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial of Luminate® as Compared to Avastin® in the Treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema).		
DB14912	Pegvorhyaluronidase alfa	investigational	Pegvorhyaluronidase alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02241187 (Two Stage Study Of Single Dose PEGPH20 And Cetuximab In Patients With Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Prior To Surgical Resection).		
DB14913	5-methyl-2'-fluoroarauracil F-18	investigational	5-methyl-2'-fluoroarauracil F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02809690 (18F-FMAU PET/CT in Diagnosing and Characterizing Prostate Cancer).		
DB14914	Flortaucipir F-18	approved,investigational	Flortaucipir F-18, also known as <sup>18</sup>F-T807 and <sup>18</sup>F-AV-1451, is a small indole molecule synthesized with a radioactive fluorine isotope.[A203933] It is used as a marker in positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of patients suspected of having Alzheimer's disease. After crossing the blood-brain barrier, flortaucipir F-18 binds to aggregated tau protein, a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease whose incidence correlates well with disease progression.[A203933, A203936, A203939]Although flortaucipir F-18 displays low levels of background binding throughout the brain,[A203936] it does display off-target binding to monoamine oxidase MAO-A and MAO-B, as well as to regions containing high levels of melanin, neuromelanin, and iron.[A203942, A203945]. It was approved by the FDA on May 28, 2020, for sale by Avid Radiopharmaceuticals under the name TAUVID™ and is the first FDA-approved molecule for imaging aggregated tau protein in the brain.[L14114]		
DB14915	CODA-001	investigational	CODA-001 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01165450 (Efficacy and Safety Study of Nexagon for Persistent Corneal Epithelial Defects).		
DB14916	Selonsertib	investigational	Selonsertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03053050 (Safety and Efficacy of Selonsertib in Adults With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Bridging (F3) Fibrosis).		
DB14917	Ceralasertib	investigational	Ceralasertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03682289 (Phase II Trial of AZD6738 Alone and in Combination With Olaparib).		
DB14918	Branaplam	investigational	Branaplam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02268552 (An Open Label Study of LMI070 (Branaplam) in Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)).		
DB14919	Rozanolixizumab	investigational	Rozanolixizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03861481 (A Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Rozanolixizumab in Subjects With Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyradiculoneuropathy).		
DB14920	Iboctadekin	investigational	Iboctadekin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00500058 (A Phase I, Dose-Escalation Study to Assess the Safety and Biological Activity of Recombinant Human Interleukin-18).		
DB14921	Mavacamten	investigational	Mavacamten is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03442764 (A Phase 2 Study of Mavacamten in Adults With Symptomatic Non-Obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (nHCM)).		
DB14922	Tislelizumab	investigational	Tislelizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02660034 (The Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Antitumor Activity of BGB-A317 in Combination With BGB-290 in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB14923	Satavaptan	investigational	Satavaptan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00359437 (Satavaptan in the Prevention of Ascites Recurrence in Patients With Ascites Due to Cirrhosis of the Liver).		
DB14924	PF-06651600	investigational	PF-06651600 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02974868 (Study To Evaluate The Efficacy And Safety Profile Of PF-06651600 And PF-06700841 In Subjects With Alopecia Areata).		
DB14925	Tenofovir exalidex	investigational	Tenofovir exalidex is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01080820 (A Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetic Study of a Single Dose of CMX157 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14926	Astuprotimut-R	investigational	Astuprotimut-R is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00257738 (0804 GCC: MAGE-A3/HPV 16 Vaccine for Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck).		
DB14927	Amylopectin	investigational	Amylopectin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01708694 (Role of Slowly Digesible Starch on Diabetes Risk Factors).		
DB14928	Lacnotuzumab	investigational	Lacnotuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01643850 (MCS110 in Patients With Pigmented Villonodular Synovitis (PVNS)).		
DB14929	Elsulfavirine	investigational	Elsulfavirine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03706898 (Study to Evaluate the Safety and PK of Elpida® in Healthy Subjects and Patients With Hepatic Impairment and to Assess the Impact of Food Intake and Drug-Drug Interactions With Other Antiviral Drugs).		
DB14930	Alovudine F-18	investigational	Alovudine F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02819024 (Dexamethasone Effects in Patients With Refractory Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Using FLT Positron Emission Tomography).		
DB14931	Cobomarsen	investigational	Cobomarsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02580552 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of MRG-106 in Patients With Mycosis Fungoides (MF), CLL, DLBCL or ATLL).		
DB14932	Coleneuramide	investigational	Coleneuramide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00307749 (Safety and Efficacy of MCC-257 in the Treatment of Diabetic Polyneuropathy).		
DB14933	Nicotinamide riboside	investigational	Nicotinamide riboside is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03432871 (Nicotinamide Riboside and Mitochondrial Biogenesis).		
DB14934	GDC-0927	investigational	GDC-0927 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02316509 (A Study of GDC-0927 in Postmenopausal Women With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Estrogen Receptor Positive Breast Cancer).		
DB14935	Serabelisib	investigational	Serabelisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02625259 (A Study to Evaluate the Relative Bioavailability, Effect of Food, and Gastric Potential Hydrogen (pH) Modification on the Pharmacokinetics of TAK-117 (MLN1117) in Healthy Participants).		
DB14936	Menaquinone 6	investigational	Menaquinone 6 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01194778 (Comparison of Efficacy of Different Dosages Vitamin K2).		
DB14937	MK-8666	investigational	MK-8666 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01971554 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamics, and Pharmacokinetics of MK-8666 in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (MK-8666-003)).		
DB14938	Flurbiprofen axetil	investigational	Flurbiprofen axetil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02043366 (Effect of Butorphanol Combined With Flurbiprofen Axetil on Preventing Hyperalgesia Induced by Remifentanil in Patients).		
DB14939	Motixafortide	investigational	Motixafortide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01838395 (Phase IIa Study Evaluating Safety and Efficacy of BL-8040 in Relapsed/Refractory AML Patients).		
DB14940	Aspartyl-alanyl-diketopiperazine	investigational	Aspartyl-alanyl-diketopiperazine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03349645 (An Open Label Extension Study to Assess the Safety of Long-Term Treatment With Ampion for Severe OA of the Knee).		
DB14941	BMS-817399	investigational	BMS-817399 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01404585 (Proof-of-Concept Study With BMS-817399 to Treat Moderate to Severe Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB14942	BMS-986141	investigational	BMS-986141 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02985632 (A Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of BMS-986141 in Participants With Hepatic Impairment Compared to Healthy Participants).		
DB14943	LGH-447	investigational	LGH-447 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02160951 (Dose Escalation Study of LGH447 in Japanese Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory Hematologic Malignancies).		
DB14944	Tarloxotinib	investigational	Tarloxotinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03743350 (NSCLC Exon 20 or HER2-activating Mutations).		
DB14945	Florbenazine F-18	investigational	Florbenazine F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01515384 (A Trial of 18F-AV-133 Positron Emission Tomography (PET)).		
DB14946	PCO-371	investigational	PCO-371 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02475616 (A Single Ascending Dose Study of PCO371 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14947	Bermekimab	investigational	Bermekimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01384630 (Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of RA-18C3 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Psoriasis).		
DB14948	BMS-986020	investigational	BMS-986020 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02017730 (To Evaluate The Relationship Between Plasma Drug Levels And Receptor Binding in Lung Using PET (Positron Emission Tomography) In Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14949	AZD-7687	investigational	AZD-7687 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01119352 (AZD7687 Multiple Ascending Dose Study).		
DB14950	BMS-929075	investigational	BMS-929075 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01525212 (Multiple Ascending Dose Study of BMS-929075 in Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infected Patients).		
DB14951	Etirinotecan pegol	investigational	Etirinotecan pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01663012 (Phase II NKTR-102 In Bevacizumab-Resistant High Grade Glioma).		
DB14952	Pamrevlumab	investigational	Pamrevlumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00913393 (Study of FibroGen (FG)-3019 in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Kidney Disease on ACEi and/or ARB Therapy).		
DB14953	Firtecan pegol	investigational	Firtecan pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01036113 (A Phase 2 Study of EZN-2208 in Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer).		
DB14954	PIK3CA	investigational	PIK3CA is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02957266 (Cervical Cancer Radiotherapy by Use of VMAT, Individualized Polyradiosensitization and Interstitial Brachytherapy).		
DB14955	PF-04634817	investigational	PF-04634817 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01140672 (A Multiple Dose Study To Determine Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics Of PF-04634817 In Healthy Adult Subjects).		
DB14956	Davalintide	investigational	Davalintide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00785408 (Study to Examine Safety, Tolerability and Effect on Body Weight of Subcutaneous AC2307 in Obese or Overweight Subjects).		
DB14957	MK-3577	investigational	MK-3577 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00868790 (A Study of the Safety and Efficacy of MK-3577 in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (MK-3577-009)).		
DB14958	Selicrelumab	investigational	Selicrelumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01008527 (Phase I Oncovir Poly IC:LC and NY-ESO-1/gp100).		
DB14959	Opicinumab	investigational	Opicinumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02641041 (Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses of BIIB033 in Healthy Japanese Participants).		
DB14960	Somatrogon	investigational	Somatrogon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02500316 (Long Term Follow up Study of Long-acting hGH (MOD-4023) in Growth Hormone Deficient Children).		
DB14961	Seltorexant	investigational	Seltorexant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03494907 (A Study to Evaluate the Effects of Single-dose Seltorexant on Electrocardiogram Intervals in Healthy Adult Participants).		
DB14962	Trastuzumab deruxtecan	approved,investigational	Trastuzumab deruxtecan is a HER-2 directed antibody attached to a topoisomerase inhibitor that is approved for use in certain types of metastatic, unresectable breast cancer.[L10842] It is classified as an antibody-drug conjugate. The cleavable peptide linker used to bind the antibody and drug in this product distinguishes it from other members of its class.[A188988] Trastuzumab deruxtecan has been granted FDA approval for specific patients with HER-2 positive breast cancer who have failed other treatments.[L10842]Promising results from a clinical trial prompted accelerated FDA approval for this indication on December 20, 2019.[L10845] Trastuzumab deruxtecan was developed by Daiichi Sankyo in collaboration with AstraZeneca. The continued approval of this drug will depend on the confirmation of its beneficial effects in ongoing clinical trials.[L10842]		
DB14963	Konjac mannan	investigational	Konjac mannan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01709955 (The Effects of Glucomannan on Weight Loss).		
DB14964	Narnatumab	investigational	Narnatumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01119456 (A Study of IMC-RON8 in Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB14965	CTT-1057	investigational	CTT-1057 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03427476 (CTT1057, a Small Molecular Inhibitor of PSMA, as a Novel Imaging Agent of Neovascularization in Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB14966	Venglustat	investigational	Venglustat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01674036 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Genz-682452 in Healthy Men).		
DB14967	Margetuximab	investigational	The HER2 oncoprotein, the product of the human _ERBB2_/mouse _neu_ genes, is a member of the HER family of receptor tyrosine kinases that includes the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Of the various subtypes of breast cancer, HER2-positive breast cancer is characterized by _ERBB2_ overexpression, a higher grade, a more aggressive phenotype, and a worse prognosis compared to HER2-negative cancer.[A225751] The introduction of [trastuzumab] improved patient outcomes in HER2-positive breast cancer, but notably depended substantially on polymorphisms in the FcγRIIIA/CD16A receptor, whereby low affinity 158F CD16A variants are associated with shorter progression-free survival and worse patient outcomes.[A225756]Margetuximab (formerly MGAH22) is an Fc-engineered human/mouse chimeric anti-HER2 IgG1κ monoclonal antibody derived from the same mouse 4D5 clone that [trastuzumab] is derived from and is produced in Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) culture.[A225751, A225756, A225766, A191829, L27986] Margetuximab binds to the same epitope on the HER2 extracellular domain and induces the same effects as [trastuzumab]. However, due to its modified Fc region, margetuximab binds with higher affinity to both CD16A variants and exhibits weaker binding to the inhibitory CD32B Fc receptor, resulting in more efficient antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) and increased efficacy compared to [trastuzumab].[A225751, A225756, A225766, A191829, L27986]Margextuximab was granted FDA approval on December 16, 2020, and is currently marketed under the trademark MARGENZA™ by MacroGenics, Inc.[L27986]		
DB14968	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tokyo 172-1 live antigen	investigational	Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tokyo 172-1 live antigen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03091660 (S1602: Different Strains of BCG With or Without Vaccine in High Grade Non- Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer).		
DB14969	GTX-758	investigational	GTX-758 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01420861 (GTx-758 on Serum Prostate-specific Antigen (PSA) in Men With Castrate Resistant Prostate Cancer).		
DB14970	Alobresib	investigational	Alobresib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02607228 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of GS-5829 as a Single Agent and In Combination With Enzalutamide in Participants With Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer).		
DB14971	Iomazenil	investigational	Iomazenil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01590277 (Ability of Partial Inverse Agonist, Iomazenil, to Block Ethanol Effects in Humans).		
DB14972	Methamidophos	investigational	Methamidophos is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03223753 (Web-Based Physical Activity Intervention in Improving Long Term Health in Children and Adolescents With Newly Diagnosed Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia in First Remission).		
DB14973	Abrocitinib	investigational	Abrocitinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03796676 (JAK1 Inhibitor With Medicated Topical Therapy in Adolescents With Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB14974	Pimodivir	investigational	Pimodivir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02658825 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of JNJ-63623872 on Cardiac Repolarization Interval in Healthy Participants).		
DB14975	Voxelotor	approved,investigational	Voxelotor is a novel hemoglobin S polymerization inhibitor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. This is a genetically inherited condition most prevalent in the Middle East, Africa, and certain parts of India. Sickle cell disease can lead to excruciating pain, stroke, infection, and various other complications arising from the blockage of blood vessels.[T734]Voxelotor was granted accelerated FDA approval on November 25 2019, as it likely to be a promising treatment for the 100,000 individuals in the U.S. suffering from the disease, in addition to 20 million others worldwide.[L10403] It was developed by Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.[L10403] and is unique from other drugs used to treat sickle cell anemia, such as [hydroxyurea], [L-glutamine], and [crizanlizumab][A188135,A188138] due to its novel mechanism of action.		
DB14976	Relacorilant	investigational	Relacorilant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02804750 (Study to Evaluate CORT125134 in Patients With Cushing's Syndrome).		
DB14977	Padsevonil	investigational	Padsevonil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03695094 (A Study in Participants With Epilepsy, to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability of Oxcarbazepine on Padsevonil).		
DB14978	MIP-1095 I-131	investigational	MIP-1095 I-131 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03030885 (Use of an Experimental Radiopharmaceutical (131I-MIP-1095) in Men With Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer (mCRPC)).		
DB14979	Martinostat	investigational	Martinostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03721211 (Imaging With [11C]Martinostat in Breast Cancer).		
DB14980	AZD-6482	investigational	AZD-6482 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00688714 (Study to Investigate Safety and Tolerability of a Single Dose of AZD6482).		
DB14981	Phytic acid	investigational	Phytic acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01000233 (Value of Oral Phytate (InsP6) in the Prevention of Progression of the Cardiovascular Calcifications).		
DB14982	Miransertib	investigational	Miransertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01473095 (Phase 1 Dose Escalation Study of ARQ 092 in Adult Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors and Recurrent Malignant Lymphoma).		
DB14983	Cimlanod	investigational	Cimlanod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02819271 (A First-in-Human Study of the Safety of Single Continuous Intravenous (IV) Infusions of CXL-1427 for up to 48 Hours in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB14984	Casimersen	investigational	Casimersen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03532542 (An Extension Study to Evaluate Casimersen or Golodirsen in Patients With Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy).		
DB14985	Enarodustat	investigational	Enarodustat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02581124 (Study to Evaluate Effect of Lapatinib on Pharmacokinetics of JTZ-951 in Subjects With End-stage Renal Disease).		
DB14986	Linrodostat	investigational	Linrodostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03247283 (Pharmacokinetics and Metabolism Study in Healthy Male Participants).		
DB14987	Difamilast	investigational	Difamilast is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01702181 (A Safety Study to Evaluate the Use and Effectiveness of a Topical Ointment to Treat Adults With Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB14988	Dalantercept	investigational	Dalantercept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00996957 (Study of ACE-041 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma).		
DB14989	Umbralisib	investigational	Umbralisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02535286 (Study of Immunotherapy in Combination With Ublituximab and Umbralisib in Patients With Relapsed-refractory CLL or Richter's Transformation).		
DB14990	Bazlitoran	investigational	Bazlitoran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02092909 (Phase 1/2 Dose Escalation Study in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia).		
DB14991	Nomacopan	investigational	Nomacopan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03427060 (Coversin in PNH in Patients With Resistance to Eculizumab Due to Complement C5 Polymorphisms).		
DB14992	Pegunigalsidase alfa	investigational	Pegunigalsidase alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02921620 (Study to Evaluate the Safety and EffIcacy of PRX-102 on Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Naïve Fabry Disease).		
DB14993	Pyrotinib	investigational	Pyrotinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03756064 (Neoadjuvant Study of Pyrotinib in Patients With HER2 Positive Breast Cancer).		
DB14995	NP-G2-044	investigational	NP-G2-044 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03199586 (Phase 1 Clinical Trial of Metastasis Inhibitor NP-G2-044 in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors (Including Lymphoma)).		
DB14996	Sutimlimab	investigational	Sutimlimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03347422 (A Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of BIVV009 (Sutimlimab) in Participants With Primary Cold Agglutinin Disease Without A Recent History of Blood Transfusion (Cadenza Study)).		
DB14997	Pateclizumab	investigational	Pateclizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01225393 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of MLTA3698A in Combination With a Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drug (DMARD) Compared With Adalimumab in Combination With a DMARD in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB14998	Olorinab	investigational	Olorinab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03155945 (Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of APD371 in Subjects With Crohn's Disease Experiencing Abdominal Pain).		
DB14999	Human interferon beta	approved,investigational	Human interferon beta is a polypeptide used in the management of relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS), and was initially approved by the FDA in 1992.[L12081] Multiple Sclerosis is a devastating neurodegenerative disease that is usually progressive and significantly debilitating with a profound impact on the quality of life.[A191784] Interferon beta is currently being studied as a possible treatment for COVID-19, which results from infection with the novel 2019 SARS-CoV-2 virus.[L12078] Interferon-beta has been used in the past in clinical studies with other coronaviruses due to its demonstrated activity against the virus causing Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). It is therefore a potential drug candidate for SARS-CoV-2 based on viral genetic similarity.[A191733,L12012]		
DB15000	Dianexin	investigational	Dianexin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00615966 (Phase 2 Study of the Safety of Diannexin in Kidney Transplant Recipients).		
DB15001	Eflapegrastim	investigational	Eflapegrastim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02953340 (Trial of SPI-2012 Versus Pegfilgrastim in the Management of Chemotherapy Induced Neutropenia in Early- Stage BReast Cancer Patients Receiving Docetaxel and Cyclophosphamide (RECOVER)).		
DB15002	Fitusiran	investigational	Fitusiran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02554773 (An Open-label Extension Study of an Investigational Drug, ALN-AT3SC, in Patients With Moderate or Severe Hemophilia A or B).		
DB15003	PF-06700841	investigational	PF-06700841 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03236493 (Safety and Pharmacokinetic Study of PF-06700841 in Japanese Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15004	MS-1819	investigational	MS-1819 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03481803 (A Phase IIa Study With Escalating Dose of MS1819-SD).		
DB15005	Viltolarsen	approved,investigational	Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) is an X-linked recessive allelic disorder characterized by a lack of functional dystrophin protein, which leads to progressive ambulatory, pulmonary, and cardiac function and is invariably fatal. A related, albeit a less severe, form of muscular dystrophy known as Becker muscular dystrophy (BMD) is characterized by the production of shortened and partially functional dystrophin protein. Although corticosteroids are effective in slowing disease progression in both DMD and BMD patients, they do not address the underlying molecular pathogenesis.[A218171, A218176, A218191]The application of antisense oligonucleotides in DMD patients with specific mutations allows for exon skipping, which retains a productive reading frame and results in the production of truncated BMD-like dystrophin proteins.[A218161, A218166, A218171, A218176, A218181, A218191, L15526] These shortened forms of dystrophin can restore partial muscle function and slow the progression of DMD. Viltolarsen is a phosphorodiamidate morpholino oligonucleotide (PMO); PMOs are oligonucleotides in which the five-membered ribofuranosyl ring is replaced with a six-membered morpholino ring, and the phosphodiester links between nucleotides are replaced with a phosphorodiamidate linkage.[A218186, L15526] In this manner, PMOs are much less susceptible to endo- and exonucleases and exhibit drastically reduced metabolic degradation compared to traditional synthetic oligonucleotides.[A218186] Hence, viltolarsen is similar to another PMO, [eteplirsen], which gained FDA approval on September 19, 2016; however, [eteplirsen] is specific for exon 51 skipping while viltolarsen is specific for exon 53 skipping.[A218176]Viltolarsen was granted accelerated FDA approval on August 12, 2020, based on data showing an increase in dystrophin levels in skeletal muscle of patients treated with viltolarsen; this approval is contingent on further verification in confirmatory trials. Viltolarsen was developed by Nippon Shinyaku Co LTD and is being marketed under the name VILTEPSO™.[L15526]		
DB15006	Flufenoxuron	investigational	Flufenoxuron is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00922870 (Evaluation of Hemodynamic Effects of Cascade Hemofiltration in Septic Shock).		
DB15007	Sevuparin	investigational	Sevuparin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03853421 (Placebo-controlled Study to Determine the Safety and Tolerability of Subcutaneous Doses of Sevuparin).		
DB15008	GO-203-2C	investigational	GO-203-2C is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02204085 (A Phase I/II Trial of the MUC1 Inhibitor, GO-203-2C in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB15009	PF-04937319	investigational	PF-04937319 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01513928 (A Study To Compare The Pharmacokinetics Of Different Formulations Of PF-04937319 In Healthy Subjects).		
DB15010	Edasalonexent	investigational	Edasalonexent is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01511900 (A Multiple Ascending Dose Study of CAT-1004 in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB15011	Avacopan	investigational	Avacopan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02994927 (A Phase 3 Clinical Trial of CCX168 (Avacopan) in Patients With ANCA-Associated Vasculitis).		
DB15012	Farampator	investigational	Farampator is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00113022 (Org 24448 to Treat Major Depression).		
DB15013	TAK-243	investigational	TAK-243 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03816319 (TAK-243 in Treating Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia or Refractory Myelodysplastic Syndrome or Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia).		
DB15014	Gremubamab	investigational	Gremubamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02255760 (Phase 1 Randomized Double-blind Placebo Controlled Study to Evaluate Safety and PK of MEDI3902 in Healthy Adults).		
DB15015	Recombinant CD40-ligand	investigational	Recombinant CD40-ligand is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00053391 (Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma).		
DB15016	Palladium Pd-103	investigational	Palladium Pd-103 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00247312 (Pd-103 Dose De-Escalation for Early Stage Prostate Cancer: A Prospective Randomized Trial).		
DB15017	Enoblituzumab	investigational	Enoblituzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02982941 (Enoblituzumab (MGA271) in Children With B7-H3-expressing Solid Tumors).		
DB15018	Agatolimod	investigational	Agatolimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00471471 (Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed by Surgery).		
DB15019	Mongersen	investigational	Mongersen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02957474 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Food, Formulation Strength, and a Proton Pump Inhibitor on GED 0301 Pharmacokinetics in Healthy Adult Subjects).		
DB15020	Mureletecan	investigational	Mureletecan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00004076 (PNU 166148 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15021	Leriglitazone	investigational	Leriglitazone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03917225 (A Clinical Study to Evaluate the Effect of MIN-102 on the Progression of Friedreich's Ataxia in Male and Female Patients).		
DB15022	Apomab	investigational	Apomab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00851136 (A Study of PRO95780 Administered in Combination With the FOLFOX Regimen and Bevacizumab in Patients With Previously Untreated, Locally Advanced, Recurrent, and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (APM4566g)).		
DB15023	BMS-791826	investigational	BMS-791826 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03198013 (A Study of Pharmacokinetics (PK) and Pharmacodynamics (PD) in Relation to Prednisolone in Healthy Males).		
DB15024	Apararenone	investigational	Apararenone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02531568 (Drug Interaction Study of Warfarin and MT-3995).		
DB15025	Girentuximab I-124	investigational	Girentuximab I-124 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01762592 (REDECT 2: REnal Masses: Pivotal Trial to DEteCT Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma With PET/CT).		
DB15026	CXA-10	investigational	CXA-10 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03422510 (FIRSTx - A Study of Oral CXA-10 in Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis (FSGS)).		
DB15027	Adriforant	investigational	Adriforant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00992342 (A Phase 1 Study To Evaluate The Safety And Tolerability Of Different Doses Of PF-03893787 In Healthy Adult Volunteers).		
DB15028	MK-1064	investigational	MK-1064 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02549014 (A Single Dose Study of the Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of MK-1064 (MK-1064-001)).		
DB15029	AZD-8186	investigational	AZD-8186 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03218826 (PI3Kbeta Inhibitor AZD8186 and Docetaxel in Treating Patients Advanced Solid Tumors With PTEN or PIK3CB Mutations That Are Metastatic or Cannot Be Removed by Surgery).		
DB15030	GTI-2040	investigational	GTI-2040 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00084643 (GTI-2040, Oxaliplatin, and Capecitabine in Treating Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Colorectal Cancer or Other Solid Tumors).		
DB15031	Nemorexant	investigational	Nemorexant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03101189 (A Study of ACT-541468 in Healthy Japanese and Caucasian Subjects).		
DB15032	Obexelimab	investigational	Obexelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02725515 (A Study of the Effect of XmAb®5871 in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus).		
DB15033	Flortaucipir	investigational	Flortaucipir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03507257 (Longitudinal Early-onset Alzheimer's Disease Study Protocol).		
DB15034	PRI-724	investigational	PRI-724 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03620474 (Safety and Effectiveness of PRI-724 for Hepatitis C or B Virus Derived Liver Cirrhosis).		
DB15035	Zanubrutinib	approved,investigational	Zanubrutinib is a novel Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor used for the treatment of adult patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least one prior therapy.[L10163] Mantle cell lymphoma is an aggressive mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is associated with early relapse, poor clinical outcomes, and long-term survival.[A187967] BTK is an enzyme that plays a role in oncogenic signalling pathways, where it promotes the survival and proliferation of malignant B cells.[A187985] Compared to the first-generation BTK inhibitor [ibrutinib], zanubrutinib displays higher potency and selectivity for BTK with fewer off-target effects.[A187958] Due to this enhanced selectivity towards BTK, zanubrutinib belongs to the second-generation BTK inhibitor drug group that also includes [acalabrutinib], which was approved by the FDA in 2017.Zanubrutinib was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2019 based on clinical trial results that demonstrated an 84% overall response rate from zanubrutinib therapy in patients with MCL,[L10166] which measures the proportion of patients in a trial whose tumour is entirely or partially destroyed by a drug.[L10169] It is currently marketed under the trade name BRUKINSA™ and is available as oral capsules.		
DB15036	Sitravatinib	investigational	Sitravatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03680521 (Neoadjuvant Sitravatinib in Combination With Nivolumab in Patients With Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB15037	Poly(lactic acid)	investigational	Poly(lactic acid) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00126308 (Facial Lipoatrophy Trial: Immediate Versus Deferred Injections of Poly-L-Lactic Acid for HIV Facial Lipoatrophy).		
DB15038	Litoxetine	investigational	Litoxetine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03397771 (DBPC Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Oral Litoxetine in Subjects With Urinary Incontinence).		
DB15039	ITI-214	investigational	ITI-214 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03489772 (Study of ITI-214 in Healthy Volunteers to Determine CNS Engagement).		
DB15040	TP-271	investigational	TP-271 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02724085 (A Phase 1 Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and PK of IV TP-271).		
DB15041	Florilglutamic acid F-18	investigational	Florilglutamic acid F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02370563 (PET Imaging of Intracranial Cancers With 18F-FSPG).		
DB15042	Tavolixizumab	investigational	Tavolixizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02318394 (A Phase 1 Study of MEDI0562 in Adult Subjects With Selected Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15043	Toripalimab	investigational	Toripalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03919383 (Phase II of Lenvatinib Plus Toripalimab for Advanced HCC).		
DB15044	Tafasitamab	approved,investigational	Tafasitamab is a humanized, CD19-directed cytolytic monoclonal antibody intended for the treatment of B-cell malignancies.[L15302] It is produced using recombinant DNA technology in Chinese hamster ovary cells, and contains an IgG1/2 hybrid Fc-domain which has been modified with 2 amino acid substitutions to enhance its cytotoxicity relative to non-engineered anti-CD19 antibodies.[L15292,A191829]The CD19 surface protein is highly expressed on the surface of B-cells, where it appears to play a role in enhancing B-cell receptor signaling.[L15302] Its relative ubiquity across different stages of B-cell development, including pre-B and mature B-lymphocytes,[L15292] as well as its presence in several B-cell malignancies (e.g. chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL), diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL))[L15302] has made it a desirable target in the treatment these B-cell malignancies. Tafasatimab is designed to bind to and block the activity of the CD19 surface antigen, which ultimately results in the lysis of B-cells (both healthy and malignant).[L15292]Having previously received Breakthrough Therapy, Fast Track, and Orphan designations from the FDA,[A191829] tafasatimab-cxix (Monjuvi®) received an accelerated approval on July 31st, 2020, for the treatment of relapsed or refractory DLBCL in adult patients who cannot receive autologous stem cell transplants.[L15307] It must be used in combination with [lenalidomide], as this combination results in greater efficacy as compared to either agent alone.[L15292]		
DB15045	Ipafricept	investigational	Ipafricept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01608867 (A Dose Escalation Study of OMP-54F28 in Subjects With Solid Tumors).		
DB15046	LY-2881835	investigational	LY-2881835 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01358981 (A Study of LY2881835 in Healthy People and People With Diabetes).		
DB15047	BMS-919373	investigational	BMS-919373 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02153437 (Study of the Effects of BMS-919373 on the Electrical Activity of the Heart Using Pacemakers).		
DB15048	Licogliflozin	investigational	Licogliflozin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03320941 (A Dose-finding Study to Evaluate the Change in Weight After Treatment With LIK066 in Japanese Patients With Obesity).		
DB15049	Sucralose	experimental	Sucralose is an artificial sweetener used as a sugar substitute.		
DB15050	Neopterin	investigational	Neopterin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02974192 (Neopterin Effects on Ischemic Stroke).		
DB15051	Ethaselen	investigational	Ethaselen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02166242 (Ethaselen for the Treatment of Thioredoxin Reductase High Expression Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancers).		
DB15052	Ansofaxine	investigational	Ansofaxine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02271412 (Multiple Ascending Dose Study in Healthy Subjects to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of LY03005).		
DB15053	Lintuzumab satetraxetan AC-225	investigational	Lintuzumab actinium Ac-225 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00672165 (Targeted Atomic Nano-Generators (Actinium-225-Labeled Humanized Anti-CD33 Monoclonal Antibody HuM195) in Patients With Advanced Myeloid Malignancies).		
DB15054	TAS-117	investigational	TAS-117 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03017521 (K-BASKET, TAS-117, PI3K/AKT Gene Aberration).		
DB15055	ABT-639	investigational	ABT-639 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01345045 (A Multicenter Study Comparing the Analgesic Effects and Safety of ABT-639 Compared to Placebo in Subjects With Diabetic Neuropathic Pain).		
DB15056	Bifenthrin	investigational	Bifenthrin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01560247 (Percutaneous Recanalization in Ischemic Stroke Management in Europe Observational Registry).		
DB15057	NUC-1031	investigational	NUC-1031 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03610100 (Acelarin First Line Randomised Pancreatic Study).		
DB15058	Flutemetamol	investigational	Flutemetamol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02353949 (Investigating the Clinical Consequences of Flutemetamol-PET-scanning).		
DB15059	Aprocitentan	investigational	Aprocitentan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03541174 (A Research Study to Show the Effect of Aprocitentan in the Treatment of Difficult to Control (Resistant) High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) and Find Out More About Its Safety).		
DB15061	Lefitolimod	investigational	Lefitolimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03837756 (Combining TLR9 Agonist With bNAbs for Reservoir Reduction and Immunological Control of HIV).		
DB15062	Inarigivir	investigational	Inarigivir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03434353 (Study to Evaluate the Antiviral Activity of Inarigivir (GS-9992) Plus Tenofovir Alafenamide (TAF) for 12 Weeks in Adults With Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)).		
DB15063	Inarigivir soproxil	investigational	Inarigivir soproxil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03434353 (Study to Evaluate the Antiviral Activity of Inarigivir (GS-9992) Plus Tenofovir Alafenamide (TAF) for 12 Weeks in Adults With Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)).		
DB15064	Teprasiran	investigational	Teprasiran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03510897 (QPI-1002 Phase 3 for Prevention of Major Adverse Kidney Events (MAKE) in Subjects at High Risk for AKI Following Cardiac Surgery).		
DB15065	PF-06291874	investigational	PF-06291874 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02175121 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics And Pharmacodynamics Study of PF-06291874 as Oral Monotherapy To Treat Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB15066	Givosiran	approved,investigational	Givosiran is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) directed towards 5-aminolevulinic acid synthase, a critical enzyme in the heme biosynthesis pathway.[L10202] It is manufactured by Alnylam Pharmaceuticals and was first approved for use in the United States in November 2019 for the treatment of adults with acute hepatic porphyria, a genetic disorder in which the overproduction of toxic heme intermediates leads to neuro-, nephro-, and gastrotoxicity.[L10202] Givosiran represents an important step forward in the treatment of acute hepatic porphyria as it is the first approved pharmacotherapy for the prevention of acute attacks - previous strategies involved non-therapeutic measures (e.g. trigger avoidance), intravenous [hemin] for the treatment of attacks, and liver transplantation in refractory cases.[A187991] Givosiran is the second-ever FDA-approved member of the siRNA drug class (the first being [patisiran]), a new class of drugs promising an important and exciting step forward in the treatment of genetic disorders.		
DB15067	Volanesorsen	approved,investigational	Volanesorsen is an antisense oligonucleotide that binds to apoC-III mRNA to prevent its translation.[L16621] It is indicated to treat familial chylomicronemia, a genetic condition that prevents breakdown of triglycerides and chylomicrons.[L16621] This drug is not commonly prescribed as it is used as an adjunct to diet in patients at high risk for pancreatitis, who have had inadequate response to triglyceride lowering therapy.[L16621]Volanesorsen was granted a conditional approval by the European Medicines Agency.[L16621]		
DB15068	Agerafenib	investigational	Agerafenib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03052569 (Expanded Access to RXDX-105 for Cancers With RET Alterations).		
DB15069	Pexastimogene devacirepvec	investigational	Pexastimogene devacirepvec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00429312 (A Study of Recombinant Vaccinia Virus to Treat Malignant Melanoma).		
DB15070	GI heptapeptide	investigational	GI heptapeptide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01391208 (Esophageal Protocol for Detection of Neoplasia in the Digestive Tract).		
DB15071	Omidenepag isopropyl	investigational	Omidenepag isopropyl is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02179008 (Multi-center Phase II Study Assessing the Safety and Efficacy of DE-117 Ophthalmic Solution in Subjects With Primary Open-angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).		
DB15072	Beinaglutide	investigational	Beinaglutide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03829891 (Study for Beinaglutide Versus Glargine Therapy in Glycemic Variability of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB15073	Ribose	investigational	Ribose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01727479 (Ribose and Sport Performance).		
DB15074	Aglatimagene besadenovec	investigational	Aglatimagene besadenovec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00638612 (AdV-tk Therapy With Surgery and Chemoradiation for Pancreas Cancer (PaTK01)).		
DB15075	4-demethyl-4-cholesteryloxycarbonylpenclomedine	investigational	4-demethyl-4-cholesteryloxycarbonylpenclomedine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01048008 (Study of 4-Demethylcholesteryloxycarbonylpenclomedine (DM-CHOC-PEN) in Patients With Advanced Cancer).		
DB15076	Abrilumab	investigational	Abrilumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01290042 (Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of AMG 181.).		
DB15077	Efinopegdutide	investigational	Efinopegdutide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03606057 (A Study to Investigate the Effect of JNJ-64565111 on Cardiac Repolarization (Corrected QT Interval) Compared With Placebo in Healthy Adults: a Thorough ECG Study Employing Placebo, JNJ-64565111, and a Positive Control (Moxifloxacin)).		
DB15078	Rogaratinib	investigational	Rogaratinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03762122 (Rogaratinib in Patients With Advanced Pretreated Squamous-cell Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (SQCLC)).		
DB15079	Troriluzole	investigational	Troriluzole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03701399 (Troriluzole in Adult Subjects With Spinocerebellar Ataxia).		
DB15080	ELX-02	investigational	ELX-02 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03309605 (Phase 1 Study of ELX-02 in Healthy Adult Subjects).		
DB15081	Melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells 1	investigational	Melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01748747 (Vaccine Therapy and Resiquimod in Treating Patients With Stage II-IV Melanoma That Has Been Removed By Surgery).		
DB15082	Cabiralizumab	investigational	Cabiralizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03502330 (APX005M With Nivolumab and Cabiralizumab in Advanced Melanoma, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer or Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB15083	Domagrozumab	investigational	Domagrozumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01616277 (A Phase 1 Study To Evaluate The Safety And Tolerability Of PF-06252616 In Healthy Subjects).		
DB15084	GS-9191	investigational	GS-9191 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00499967 (Safety and Effectiveness Study of an Experimental Topical Ointment (GS-9191) for the Treatment of Genital Warts).		
DB15085	Fulacimstat	investigational	Fulacimstat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02452515 (A Single-blind Pilot Study to Investigate Safety and Tolerability of the Chymase Inhibitor BAY1142524 in Clinically Stable Patients With Left-ventricular Dysfunction).		
DB15086	Ocrylate	investigational	Ocrylate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01918059 (Cosmetic Outcome Study of Lid Laceration Repair With Suture Versus Tissue Adhesive).		
DB15087	Psicose	investigational	Psicose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02459834 (The Fructose and Allulose Catalytic Effects (FACE) Trial).		
DB15088	Oleclumab	investigational	Oleclumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03819465 (A Study of Novel Anti-cancer Agents in Patients With Previously Untreated NSCLC).		
DB15089	Frovocimab	investigational	Frovocimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01671085 (A Study of LY3015014 in Healthy Participants With High Cholesterol).		
DB15090	Tezepelumab	investigational	Tezepelumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03406078 (Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Tezepelumab in Reducing Oral Corticosteroid Use in Adults With Oral Corticosteroid Dependent Asthma).		
DB15091	Upadacitinib	approved,investigational	Upadacitinib is an oral Janus kinase (JAK)1-selective inhibitor and a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis to slow down disease progression. Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic autoimmune inflammatory disease affecting the peripheral joints. It is characterized by synovial inflammation and hyperplasia, autoantibody production, cartilage damage and bone destruction, leading to co-morbidities.[A189165] Despite a variety of therapeutic agents available for treatment, up to 40% of the patients do not respond to current therapies, including biological therapies.[A189171] The etiology of the disease is mostly unknown; however, the role of JAK as a driver of immune-mediated conditions was discovered, leading to the use of JAK as therapeutic targets for rheumatoid arthritis.[A189168] To reduce dose-related toxicity (as seen with some pan-JAK inhibitors) without significantly affecting efficacy, more selective JAK1 inhibitors, upadacitinib and [filgotinib], were developed.[A189165]The FDA approved Upadacitinib in August 2019 for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to methotrexate.[L10896] In December 2019, it was additionally approved by the European Commission for the same indication in patients with inadequate response or intolerance to one or more DMARDs and can be used as monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate.[L10899] Upadacitinib is marketed under the brand name RINVOQ™ for oral administration.[L10896] It is currently being investigated in several clinical trials assessing its therapeutic effectiveness in other inflammatory diseases, such as psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, ulcerative colitis, and atopic dermatitis.[A189165]		
DB15092	LY-2624803	investigational	LY-2624803 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01236105 (Effect of Activated Charcoal and Time of Dose on the Pharmacokinetics of LY2624803 in Healthy Subject).		
DB15093	Somapacitan	approved,investigational	Somapacitan, also known as NNC0195-0092,[A219136] is a growth hormone analog indicated to treat adults with growth hormone deficiency.[A219126,L15661] This human growth hormone analog differs by the creation of an albumin binding site, and prolonging the effect so that it requires weekly dosing rather than daily.[A219146]Somapacitan was granted FDA approval on 28 August 2020.[L15666]		
DB15094	Anfibatide	investigational	Anfibatide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01585259 (Anfibatide Phase Ib-IIa Clinical Trial).		
DB15095	Leridistim	investigational	Leridistim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00004215 (Leridistim Compared With Filgrastim in Treating Older Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB15096	18-methoxycoronaridine	investigational	18-methoxycoronaridine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03084952 (Phase 2 Trial to Evaluate 18-Methoxycoronaridine Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability in Cutaneous Leishmaniasis Patients).		
DB15097	Gefapixant	investigational	Gefapixant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02397460 (Effect of Gefapixant (AF-219/MK-7264) on Cough Reflex Sensitivity).		
DB15098	Morinidazole	investigational	Morinidazole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03380793 (A Trial to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Morinidazole in Patients With Appendicitis).		
DB15099	GW-468816	investigational	GW-468816 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00218465 (Effectiveness of GW468816, an NMDA Glycine Site Antagonist, for Prevention of Relapse to Smoking).		
DB15100	Cusatuzumab	investigational	Cusatuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01813539 (Phase 1/2 Study of ARGX-110 in Patients With Advanced Malignancies).		
DB15101	Tigatuzumab	investigational	Tigatuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00991796 (CS-1008 With Carboplatin/Paclitaxel in Chemotherapy naïve Subjects With Metastatic or Unresectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC)).		
DB15102	Pemigatinib	approved,investigational	Pemigatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor with antitumour activity. It works by inhibiting fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs), which are receptor tyrosine kinases that activate signalling pathways in tumour cells.[A193719] FGFRs gained attention as potential therapeutic targets in selected cancers, as FGFR gene alterations were observed in a wide variety of cancers including those of the urinary bladder, breast, ovary, prostate, endometrium, lung, and stomach.[A198984] Deregulated FGFR signalling pathway can lead the development of oncogenes and tumour-promoting physiological processes, such as cancer cell proliferation, enhanced angiogenesis, and evasion of cell death.[A193716]In April 2020, pemigatinib was approved by the FDA for the treatment of unresectable locally advanced or metastatic cholangiocarcinoma in previously treated adult patients with a fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) gene fusion or other rearrangements as detected by an FDA-approved test.[L13068] Cholangiocarcinoma is the most common primary malignancy affecting the biliary tract and the second most common primary hepatic malignancy.[A198963] This malignancy accounts for 15% to 20% of primary hepatobiliary malignancies, which account for 13% of overall cancer-related global mortality.[A198963] With increasing research on the pathogenesis of cholangiocarcinoma and potential therapeutic targets for anticancer drug treatment, recent studies show that up to 45% of patients with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma exhibited gene rearrangements resulting in oncogenic fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGFR2) fusion proteins.[A198963] The FDA-approved indication for pemigatinib was granted under accelerated approval based on the overall response rate and duration of response in pre-marketing clinical trials. Pemigatinib is marketed under the brand name Pemazyre, and it is available as oral tablets.[L13050]		
DB15104	Telisotuzumab vedotin	investigational	Telisotuzumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02099058 (A Study Evaluating the Safety, Pharmacokinetics (PK), and Preliminary Efficacy of ABBV-399 in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors.).		
DB15105	PF-06751979	investigational	PF-06751979 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03126721 (The Study is to Evaluate the Effect of Multiple Doses PF-06751979 on the Pharmacokinetics of Midazolam in Healthy Adults).		
DB15106	Surufatinib	investigational	Surufatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02588170 (Phase III Study of Surufatinib in Treating Advanced Extrapancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors).		
DB15107	Fludeoxyglucose	investigational	Fludeoxyglucose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03262389 (Comparison of F-18 FDG and C-11 Acetate PET in Multiple Myeloma).		
DB15108	Tipranavir C-14	investigational	Tipranavir C-14 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02253797 (Pharmacokinetics of Tipranavir/Ritonavir and Its Metabolites in Healthy Male Subjects).		
DB15109	Ingenol disoxate	investigational	Ingenol disoxate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02120456 (Safety and Efficacy of Escalating Doses of LEO 43204 Applied Once Daily for Two Consecutive Days on Approximately 250 cm2 on Trunk and Extremities in Subjects With Actinic Keratosis).		
DB15110	Onvansertib	investigational	Onvansertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03303339 (Onvansertib in Combination With Either Low-dose Cytarabine or Decitabine in Adult Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML).).		
DB15111	Acetic acid C-11	investigational	Acetic acid C-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01953965 (Look at Way the Heart Functions in People With Pulmonary Hypertension (PH) Who Have Near Normal Right Ventricle (RV) Function and People With Pulmonary Hypertension Who Have Impaired RV Function. Using Imaging Studies PET Scan and Cardiac MRI.).		
DB15112	Somatropin pegol	investigational	Somatropin pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00715689 (Dose Study in Growth Hormone Deficient Adults Investigating Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of NNC126-0083).		
DB15113	Utomilumab	investigational	Utomilumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03318900 (T Cell Immunotherapy for Advanced Ovarian Cancer).		
DB15114	Vamorolone	investigational	Vamorolone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03439670 (A Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Vamorolone in Boys With Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD)).		
DB15115	Nimacimab	investigational	Nimacimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03261739 (Safety Tolerability, and PK of RYI-018 After Repeat Dosing in Subjects With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)).		
DB15116	Ramatercept	investigational	Ramatercept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00952887 (A Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetic and Pharmacodynamic Study of ACE-031 in Healthy Postmenopausal Women).		
DB15117	Transfluthrin	investigational	Transfluthrin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02394522 (Spatial Repellent Products for Control of Vector Borne Diseases - Malaria - Zambia (SR-M-ZM)).		
DB15118	Zolbetuximab	investigational	Zolbetuximab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01630083 (Efficacy and Safety of IMAB362 in Combination With the EOX Regimen for CLDN18.2-positive Gastric Cancer).		
DB15119	Ropeginterferon alfa-2b	approved,investigational	Ropeginterferon alfa-2b is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01949805 (Pegylated Interferon Alpha-2b Versus Hydroxyurea in Polycythemia Vera).		
DB15120	GSK-239512	investigational	GSK-239512 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00474513 (An Imaging Study to Investigate the Distribution of GSK239512 in the Brain.).		
DB15121	AT-001	investigational	AT-001 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03062384 (AT-001 for Long-term Preservation of Brain Health in Aging).		
DB15122	PCS-499	investigational	PCS-499 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01487109 (A Phase 2 Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of CTP-499 in Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy Patients).		
DB15123	Dorzagliatin	investigational	Dorzagliatin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03173391 (Long-term Efficacy and Safety of HMS5552 in T2DM).		
DB15124	PF-05241328	investigational	PF-05241328 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01165736 (To Calculate the Pharmacokinetics (Concentration of Compound in and Rate of Excretion From the Blood) Following a Very Low Dose of Compound Which Will Not Have Any Pharmacological Activity).		
DB15125	Belapectin	investigational	Belapectin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02575404 (GR-MD-02 Plus Pembrolizumab in Melanoma, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Squamous Cell Head and Neck Cancer Patients).		
DB15126	IMG-7289	investigational	IMG-7289 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03136185 (IMG-7289 in Patients With Myelofibrosis).		
DB15127	Hydrogen	investigational	Hydrogen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02830854 (Molecular Hydrogen for Cognitive Function and Performance in Elderly).		
DB15128	Remtolumab	investigational	Remtolumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02433340 (Phase 2, Multicenter, Open-Label Extension (OLE) Study With ABT-122 in Rheumatoid Arthritis Subjects Who Have Completed the Preceding M12-963 Study).		
DB15129	Pegadricase	investigational	Pegadricase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01021241 (Safety and Efficacy Study of Intravenous Uricase-PEG 20).		
DB15130	Dexpramipexole	investigational	Dexpramipexole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01511029 (Study to Evaluate the QTC Interval in Healthy Volunteers Dosed With Dexpramipexole (QTC = Electrocardiogram (ECG) Interval Measured From the Onset of the QRS Complex to the End of the T Wave Corrected for Heart Rate)).		
DB15131	Interferon alfa-2c	investigational	Interferon alfa-2c is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00485563 (A Phase II Study of EC17 (Folate-hapten Conjugate) in Patients With Progressive Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB15132	AZD-8165	investigational	AZD-8165 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01150812 (Oral AZD8165 After Single Oral Ascending Doses in Healthy Male Subjects).		
DB15133	Tepotinib	investigational	Tepotinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03531762 (Effect of a Proton Pump Inhibitor on the Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Tepotinib).		
DB15134	Fluoroazomycin arabinoside F-18	investigational	Fluoroazomycin arabinoside F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03257150 (A Study of the Use of Irreversible Electroporation in Pancreatic Ductal Cancer).		
DB15135	Ponezumab	investigational	Ponezumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00607308 (A Phase I, Single Dose Study Of PF-04360365 In Japanese Patients With Mild To Moderate Alzheimer's Disease).		
DB15136	Rebaudioside A	investigational	Rebaudioside A is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03510624 (Acute Effect of Rebaudioside A on Glucose Excursion During an Oral Glucose Tolerance Test in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB15137	VK-2809	investigational	VK-2809 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02927184 (Safety and Tolerability of VK2809 in Patients With Primary Hypercholesterolemia and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease).		
DB15138	AZD-9496	investigational	AZD-9496 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02248090 (AZD9496 First Time in Patients Ascending Dose Study).		
DB15139	Bifunctional epoxide hydrolase 2	investigational	Bifunctional epoxide hydrolase 2 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00654966 (Evaluation of the Effects of Urotensin-II and Soluble Epoxide Hydrolase Inhibitors on Skin Microvessel Tone in Patients With Heart Failure, and in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15140	Bempegaldesleukin	investigational	Bempegaldesleukin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03729245 (A Study of NKTR-214 in Combination With Nivolumab Compared With the Investigator's Choice of a Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor (TKI) Therapy (Either Sunitinib or Cabozantinib Monotherapy) for Advanced Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC)).		
DB15141	Deutivacaftor	investigational	Deutivacaftor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03227471 (A Study of VX-445 in Healthy Subjects and Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis).		
DB15143	PF-06650833	investigational	PF-06650833 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02609139 (Study to Evaluate Pharmacokinetics of A Modified Release Formulation of PF-06650833 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15144	Altropane I-123	investigational	Altropane I-123 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01950468 (A Cross-Over, Multi-Center Trial to Evaluate the Diagnostic Efficacy and Safety of [123I]NAV5001 as an Imaging Agent to Aid in the Diagnosis of Parkinsonian Syndromes).		
DB15145	Ziresovir	investigational	Ziresovir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03699202 (Anti-RSV Study in Chinese Patients (ASCENT)).		
DB15146	Adrabetadex	investigational	Adrabetadex is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03887533 (Combined Intrathecal and Intravenous VTS-270 Therapy for Liver and Neurological Disease Associated With Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C1).		
DB15147	Tinostamustine	investigational	Tinostamustine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03452930 (Tinostamustine With or Without Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed MGMT-Unmethylated Glioblastoma).		
DB15148	Lenzilumab	investigational	Lenzilumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02546284 (Study of Lenzilumab in Previously Treated Patients With Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML)).		
DB15149	Futibatinib	investigational	Futibatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02052778 (A Study of TAS-120 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15150	Fibronectin	investigational	Fibronectin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01812239 (Vaginal Progesterone in Twins With Short Cervix).		
DB15151	RO-6870810	investigational	RO-6870810 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02308761 (A Study of RO6870810/TEN-010 in Participants With Acute Myeloid Leukemia and Myelodysplastic Syndrome).		
DB15152	TMC-649128	investigational	TMC-649128 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01391117 (TMC649128HPC1002 - a Trial inGenotype 1 Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) - Infected Participants to Determine the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Antiviral Activity of TMC649128, Alone and Combined With Pegylated Interferon + Ribavirin).		
DB15153	Dezamizumab	investigational	Dezamizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03417830 (Biodistribution of 89Zirconium-labelled GSK2398852 Using PET Imaging).		
DB15154	Vunakizumab	investigational	Vunakizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03463187 (Multi-Dose Study of SHR-1314 in Subjects With Moderate-to-severe Plaque Psoriasis).		
DB15155	Pepinemab	investigational	Pepinemab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03769155 (VX15/2503 With or Without Ipilimumab and/or Nivolumab in Patients With Resectable Stage IIIB-D Melanoma).		
DB15156	ABT-072	investigational	ABT-072 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00890318 (A Study in Healthy Adult Subjects to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetic Profiles of Multiple Doses of ABT-072 Used to Treat Hepatitis C).		
DB15157	Voruciclib	investigational	Voruciclib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03547115 (A Phase 1 Study of Voruciclib in Subjects With B-Cell Malignancies or AML).		
DB15158	BPI-3016	investigational	BPI-3016 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03188848 (Dose Escalating Study of BPI-3016 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15159	Trevogrumab	investigational	Trevogrumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02943239 (Study of Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of REGN2477 Alone and in Combination With REGN1033 in Healthy Postmenopausal Women and Healthy Adult Men).		
DB15160	Asunercept	investigational	Asunercept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02853565 (A Study of CAN008 for Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme).		
DB15161	Pittsburgh Compound B	investigational	Pittsburgh Compound B is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01723553 (Amyloid-related Imaging Abnormalities (Microbleeds) in Atypical AD).		
DB15162	Pegilodecakin	investigational	Pegilodecakin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03382912 (Study of Pegilodecakin (LY3500518) With Nivolumab Compared to Nivolumab Alone Second-line Tx in Participants With Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB15163	Selatogrel	investigational	Selatogrel is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03814200 (A Study to Investigate the Effect of Rifampicin on the Uptake and Breakdown of ACT-246475 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15164	Apadamtase alfa	investigational	Apadamtase alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03922308 (Study of rADAMTS-13 (SHP655) in the Treatment of Participants With Acquired Thrombotic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (aTTP)).		
DB15165	Avacincaptad pegol	investigational	Avacincaptad pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03362190 (ZIMURA in Combination With LUCENTIS in Patients With Neovascular Age Related Macular Degeneration (NVAMD)).		
DB15166	Albuvirtide	investigational	Albuvirtide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03719664 (Albuvirtide and 3BNC117 as Long-Acting Maintenance Therapy in Virologically Suppressed Subjects).		
DB15167	Fallypride	investigational	Fallypride is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02310360 (Striatal and Extra-striatal Dopamine Release in Response to Food in Healthy Humans).		
DB15168	Cilofexor	investigational	Cilofexor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02943447 (Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Cilofexor in Adults With Primary Biliary Cholangitis Without Cirrhosis).		
DB15169	H3B-6527	investigational	H3B-6527 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03424577 (A Study to Evaluate the Food-Effect of H3B-6527).		
DB15170	Evobrutinib	investigational	Evobrutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03934502 (Effect of Meal Composition and Timing on Evobrutinib Bioavailability).		
DB15171	Tirzepatide	investigational	Tirzepatide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03311724 (A Study of Tirzepatide (LY3298176) in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB15172	Suvratoxumab	investigational	Suvratoxumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02296320 (Study of the Efficacy and Safety of MEDI4893).		
DB15173	JNJ-42165279	investigational	Jnj-42165279 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02498392 (An Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability Study of JNJ-42165279 in Participants With Major Depressive Disorder With Anxious Distress).		
DB15175	Ofranergene obadenovec	investigational	Ofranergene obadenovec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01229865 (Safety and Efficacy of VB-111 in Subjects With Advanced Differentiated Thyroid Cancer).		
DB15176	Quilizumab	investigational	Quilizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01160861 (A Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of MEMP1972A in Patients With Allergic Rhinitis).		
DB15177	VX-659	investigational	VX-659 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03224351 (A Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of VX-659 Combination Therapy in Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis).		
DB15178	Tomuzotuximab	investigational	Tomuzotuximab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02052960 (CetuGEX™ in Comparison to Cetuximab for the Treatment of Patients With Head and Neck Cancer).		
DB15182	alpha-Lactalbumin	investigational	alpha-Lactalbumin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02082418 (Effects of Alpha-lactalbumin Intake on Metabolic and Cognitive Functions in Elderly).		
DB15183	Fosmanogepix	investigational	Fosmanogepix is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03604705 (An Efficacy and Safety Study of APX001 in Non-Neutropenic Patients With Candidemia).		
DB15185	Rasdegafusp alfa	investigational	Rasdegafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03206047 (Atezolizumab, Guadecitabine, and CDX-1401 Vaccine in Treating Patients With Recurrent Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer).		
DB15186	GDC-0084	investigational	GDC-0084 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03696355 (Study of GDC-0084 in Pediatric Patients With Newly Diagnosed Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma or Diffuse Midline Gliomas).		
DB15187	Dubermatinib	investigational	Dubermatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03572634 (Phase 1/2 Study of TP-0903 (an Inhibitor of AXL Kinase) in Patients With Previously Treated CLL).		
DB15188	Livoletide	investigational	Livoletide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03790865 (Effects of Livoletide (AZP-531) on Food-related Behaviors in Patients With Prader-Willi Syndrome).		
DB15189	Birabresib	investigational	Birabresib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02698176 (A Dose Exploration Study With MK-8628 in Participants With Selected Advanced Solid Tumors (MK-8628-006)).		
DB15190	GLPG-0259	investigational	GLPG-0259 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01024517 (GLPG0259 Solid Formulation Bioavailability and Food Effect).		
DB15191	MAX-40279	investigational	MAX-40279 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03412292 (MAX-40279 in Subjects With Acute Myelogenous Leukemia (AML)).		
DB15192	ABT-288	investigational	ABT-288 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01018875 (Efficacy and Safety Study of ABT-288 in Subjects With Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease).		
DB15193	BMS-955176	investigational	BMS-955176 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02415595 (Dose-finding Study of BMS-955176 to Treat HIV-1 Infected Treatment-naive Adults).		
DB15194	Cotadutide	investigational	Cotadutide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03444584 (Study of MEDI0382 in Combination With Dapagliflozin and Metformin in Overweight/Obese Subject With Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB15195	Mibenratide	investigational	Mibenratide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01798745 (A Study to Assess the Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of JNJ-54452840 in Participants With Heart Failure and Anti-beta1-adrenergic Receptor Autoantibodies).		
DB15197	RSV-604	investigational	RSV-604 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00416442 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetic Study of Single and Multiple Intravenous Doses of RSV604 in Healthy Subjects.).		
DB15198	Dextromethadone	investigational	Dextromethadone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00588640 (Study of D-Methadone in Patients With Chronic Pain).		
DB15199	Ciraparantag	investigational	Ciraparantag is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01826266 (Effects of a Double-Blind, Single Dose of PER977 Administered Alone, and Following a Single Dose of Edoxaban).		
DB15200	Bixalomer	investigational	Bixalomer is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01115985 (A Study to Assess the Effect of ASP1585 on Pharmacokinetics of Atorvastatin in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15201	Norbixin	investigational	Norbixin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03820245 (Effect of Short-term Annatto Carotenoids Supplementation on Oxidative Stress Status in Healthy Individuals).		
DB15202	Fluoroacetic acid F-18	investigational	Fluoroacetic acid F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01320787 (18-F-Fluoroacetate as PET Imaging Agent).		
DB15203	JNJ-26489112	investigational	JNJ-26489112 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00579384 (A Study of the Effects of JNJ-26489112 on the Photic Induced Paroxysmal Electroencephalogram (EEG) Response in Patients With Photosensitive Epilepsy).		
DB15204	Fosravuconazole	investigational	Fosravuconazole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03378661 (BENDITA BEnznidazole New Doses Improved Treatment and Associations).		
DB15205	Capromorelin	investigational	Capromorelin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00527046 (Effects Of An Oral Growth Hormone Secretagogue In Older Functionally Limited Adults).		
DB15206	Uprifosbuvir	investigational	Uprifosbuvir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02332707 (Efficacy and Safety of Grazoprevir (MK-5172) and Uprifosbuvir (MK-3682) With Elbasvir (MK-8742) or Ruzasvir (MK-8408) for Chronic Hepatitis C Genotype (GT)1 and GT2 Infection (MK-3682-011)).		
DB15207	Esaxerenone	investigational	Esaxerenone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02722265 (Long-term Study of CS-3150 as Monotherapy or in Combination With Other Antihypertensive Drug in Japanese Patients With Essential Hypertension).		
DB15208	NOP-1A	investigational	NOP-1A is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01198197 (PET Brain and Whole Body Distribution Studies for Nociceptin/Orphanin FQ Peptide (NOP) Receptor Using [11C]NOP-1A).		
DB15209	MK-0736	investigational	MK-0736 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00679055 (A Study of How MK-0736 Affects Arterial Plaque (0736-006)(TERMINATED)).		
DB15210	Chlorotoxin	investigational	Chlorotoxin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00733798 (A Safety and Efficacy Study of Intravenous 131I-TM601 in Adult Patients With Malignant Melanoma).		
DB15211	Duvortuxizumab	investigational	Duvortuxizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02743546 (Study of the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, and Efficacy of Duvortuxizumab (JNJ-64052781) Plus Ibrutinib in Lymphoma).		
DB15212	Pemafibrate	investigational	Pemafibrate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03350165 (A Study of Pemafibrate in Patients With Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)).		
DB15213	25-desacetylrifapentine	investigational	25-desacetylrifapentine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00023387 (TBTC Study 25PK: Intensive Pharmacokinetic Study of Three Doses of Rifapentine and 25-Desacetyl Rifapentine).		
DB15214	BMS-986104	investigational	BMS-986104 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02211469 (A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Single Ascending Dose Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of BMS-986104 in Healthy Male Subjects).		
DB15215	KRN-5500	investigational	KRN-5500 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00002923 (KRN5500 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15216	Amylose	investigational	Amylose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01027325 (Resistant Starch Insulin Sensitivity Trial).		
DB15217	Gastric inhibitory polypeptide	investigational	Gastric inhibitory polypeptide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03081676 (The Effect of GIP and GLP-1 on Insulin and Glucagon Secretion in Patients With HNF1A-diabetes Treated With or Without Sulphonylurea).		
DB15218	Pozelimab	investigational	Pozelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03115996 (Study of the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of REGN3918 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15219	Tomivosertib	investigational	Tomivosertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03318562 (A PD Study of Oral eFT508 in Subjects With Advanced TNBC and HCC).		
DB15220	Seliforant	investigational	Seliforant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01260753 (Proof of Activity Study of UR-63325 in Allergic Rhinitis Induced by Nasal Challenge).		
DB15221	PF-06260414	investigational	PF-06260414 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02070939 (Study To Evaluate Safety And Tolerability Of Single And Multiple Ascending Doses Of PF- 06260414 In Healthy Western And Japanese Male Subjects).		
DB15222	GS-6620	investigational	GS-6620 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01316237 (A Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Antiviral Activity of GS-6620 in Treatment Naïve Subjects With Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection).		
DB15223	Flotetuzumab	investigational	Flotetuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02152956 (Safety Study of MGD006 in Relapsed/Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) or Intermediate-2/High Risk MDS).		
DB15224	Lisavanbulin	investigational	Lisavanbulin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02895360 (Phase 1/2a Study of BAL101553 as 48-hour Infusions in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Recurrent Glioblastoma).		
DB15225	Mitazalimab	investigational	Mitazalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02379741 (ADC-1013 First-in-Human Study).		
DB15226	Dasiglucagon	investigational	Dasiglucagon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03735225 (Evaluation of the Safety, Tolerability and Bioavailability of Dasiglucagon Following Subcutaneous (SC) Compared to IV Administration).		
DB15227	Tirabrutinib	investigational	Tirabrutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02626026 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of GS-4059 in Healthy Volunteers and Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)).		
DB15228	Avidin	investigational	Avidin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00345618 (Clinical Study Assessing Idrabiotaparinux Sodium Injections Once-weekly in Pulmonary Embolism Therapeutic Approach).		
DB15229	CNV-2197944	investigational	CNV-2197944 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01893125 (Efficacy and Safety of CNV2197944 Versus Placebo in Patients With Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy).		
DB15230	Dithiopyr	investigational	Dithiopyr is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01236781 (Comparison of Full-Field Digital Mammography With Digital Breast Tomography for Screening Call-Back Rates).		
DB15231	Brimapitide	investigational	Brimapitide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01570205 (Safety, Tolerability and PK of a Single iv Infusion of 10, 40, and 80 µg/kg XG-102 Administered to Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15232	Telaglenastat	investigational	Telaglenastat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02071862 (Study of the Glutaminase Inhibitor CB-839 in Solid Tumors).		
DB15233	Avapritinib	approved,investigational	Avapritinib, or BLU-285,[A189327] is a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor of KIT and platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha indicated for the treatment of unresectable, metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors.[A189339,L11136] It is one of the first medications available for the treatment of multidrug resistant cancers.[A189327] Avapritinib shares a similar mechanism with [ripretinib].Avapritinib was granted FDA approval on 9 January 2020.[L11136]		
DB15234	Semorinemab	investigational	Semorinemab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03289143 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of RO7105705 in Patients With Prodromal to Mild Alzheimer's Disease).		
DB15235	Di-2-pyridylketone 4-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-3-thiosemicarbazone	investigational	Di-2-pyridylketone 4-cyclohexyl-4-methyl-3-thiosemicarbazone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02688101 (Dose-finding and Pharmacokinetic Study of DpC, Administered Orally to Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15236	Fucose	investigational	Fucose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03354533 (Study of ORL-1F (L-fucose) in Patients With Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency Type II).		
DB15237	Fluciclovine	investigational	Fluciclovine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03036943 (Fluciclovine (18F) Imaging of Breast Cancer).		
DB15238	Olinciguat	investigational	Olinciguat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03892499 (A Trial to Evaluate the Effect of Itraconazole (ITZ), a CYP3A4 Inhibitor, on the Pharmacokinetics of the Soluble Guanylate Cyclase Stimulator, Olinciguat (IW-1701), in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15239	PTI-428	investigational	PTI-428 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03258424 (Study Assessing PTI-428 Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics in Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis on KALYDECO® as Background Therapy).		
DB15240	Elezanumab	investigational	Elezanumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03737812 (A Study to Assess the Safety and Efficacy of Elezanumab When Added to Standard of Care in Progressive Forms of Multiple Sclerosis).		
DB15241	Methylsamidorphan	investigational	Methylsamidorphan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01418092 (ALK37-007: Evaluation of Safety and Efficacy of ALKS 37 (RDC-1036) in Adults With Opioid-induced Constipation (OIC)).		
DB15242	MK-0533	investigational	MK-0533 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00543959 (Efficacy and Tolerability of MK0533 in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes (0533-005)).		
DB15243	2-(1-Hexyloxyethyl)-2-devinyl pyropheophorbide-a	investigational	2-(1-Hexyloxyethyl)-2-devinyl pyropheophorbide-a is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01668823 (Photodynamic Therapy in Treating Patients With Lung Cancer).		
DB15244	NM-404 I-131	investigational	NM-404 I-131 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01495663 (Dose Escalation Study of I-131-CLR1404 in Subjects With Cancer That Does Not Respond to Treatment or Has Returned).		
DB15245	Olorofim	investigational	Olorofim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03340597 (Assessment of Varying Oral Dosing Regimens for F901318 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15246	Salvianolic acid A	investigational	Salvianolic acid A is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03908242 (Phase I Study of Continuous Administration of Salvianolic Acid A Tablet).		
DB15247	Vorolanib	investigational	Vorolanib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03904719 (CM082 and JS001 in Patients With Advanced Small-cell Lung Cancer (SCLC)).		
DB15248	Bulevirtide	approved,investigational	Bulevirtide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03852433 (Phase 2b Study of Bulevirtide (With Peginterferon Alfa-2a) in Patients With CHD).		
DB15249	MK-6325	investigational	MK-6325 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01329913 (Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of MK-6325 in Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Infections (MK-6325-003)).		
DB15250	Vercirnon	investigational	Vercirnon is a novel, orally active anti-inflammatory agent that targets a chemokine receptor protein implicated in both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, the two principal forms of IBD. It is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01611805 (Japanese Phase I of GSK1605786).		
DB15251	Antipain	experimental	Antipain is a serine/cysteine protease inhibitor originally isolated from various strains of actinomycetes.[A214481] Early studies investigated the potential for antipain to alter DNA damage and chromosomal aberrations in irradiated cells or those treated with chemical mutagens such as _N_-methyl-_N_'-nitro-_N_-nitrosoguanidine (MNNG).[A214484, A214487]Antipain was used in 2010 to obtain a crystal structure of the _Leishmania major_ oligopeptidase B (OPB), a serine protease that serves as a virulence factor in trypanosomatids.[A214490] The binding of antipain to OPB has been used in molecular dynamic studies to identify other OPB inhibitors with more favourable pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties for potential development as anti-trypanosomatid drugs.[A214493, A214496]		
DB15252	Nemolizumab	investigational	Nemolizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03921411 (A Pharmacokinetics and Safety Study of Nemolizumab in Adolescent Subjects With Atopic Dermatitis (AD)).		
DB15253	Bleselumab	investigational	Bleselumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02921789 (Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Bleselumab in Preventing the Recurrence of Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis in de Novo Kidney Transplant Recipients).		
DB15254	RO-5126766 free base	investigational	RO-5126766 free base is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03875820 (Phase I Trial of VS-6063 and RO5126766.).		
DB15256	Reldesemtiv	investigational	Reldesemtiv is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03160898 (A Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of CK-2127107 in Patients With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)).		
DB15257	Milademetan	investigational	Milademetan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02319369 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Milademetan Alone and With 5-Azacitidine (AZA) in Acute Myelogenous Leukemia (AML) or High-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS)).		
DB15258	Imlifidase	approved,investigational	Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a progressive and irreversible disease that represents a significant burden for both the individual and healthcare system at large.[A225916] Currently available treatments for end-stage renal disease are limited to dialysis and renal transplantation, with the former associated with significant costs and lower quality of life.[A225836,A225916]  Patients who have developed human leukocyte antigen (HLA) sensitization from prior exposure to blood products, pregnancy, or any other circumstance which may have resulted in exposure to non-self HLA antigens, face additional barriers to transplantation.[A225836,A225921] Highly sensitized individuals carry high levels of anti-HLA antibodies and are at significant risk for antibody-mediated rejection which occurs mainly through complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC).[A225836] High levels of anti-HLA antibodies also contribute to poor graft survival.[A225836] As a result, highly sensitized individuals experience marked delays on transplant lists due to the challenges associated with procuring an HLA compatible donor graft.[A225836,A225921]Imlifidase is a cysteine protease and eliminates Fc-dependent effector functions such as CDC and ADCC by cleaving the heavy chains of human immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies.[L28001] As a result, the risk of antibody-mediated rejection is reduced allowing kidney transplantation in highly sensitized patients to proceed.[A225836,L28001]		
DB15259	VB-201	investigational	VB-201 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01001468 (Study to Assess VB-201 in Patients With Psoriasis).		
DB15260	Iscalimab	investigational	Iscalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03905525 (Study of Safety and Efficacy of Multiple Doses of CFZ533 in Two Distinct Populations of Patients With Sjögren's Syndrome).		
DB15261	Butafenacil	investigational	Butafenacil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03760328 (Effect of Upper Airway Stimulation in Patients With Obstructive Sleep Apnea).		
DB15262	Futuximab	investigational	Futuximab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01955473 (Japanese Phase 1 Trial of Sym004 in Solid Tumors).		
DB15263	Thyrotropin	investigational	Thyrotropin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01348191 (Detection of Thyrotrophin Receptor in Human Myometrium).		
DB15264	PD-0299685	investigational	PD-0299685 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00314964 (Study Evaluating PD-0299685 for the Treatment of Vasomotor Symptoms (Hot Flashes / Flushes) Associated With Menopause).		
DB15265	USL-311	investigational	USL-311 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02765165 (Phase 1/2 Study of USL311 Alone and in Combination With Lomustine in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors and Relapsed/Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM)).		
DB15266	TAK-580	investigational	TAK-580 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02723006 (Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacodynamics of Investigational Treatments in Combination With Standard of Care Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors in Participants With Advanced Melanoma).		
DB15267	Lesinidase alfa	investigational	Lesinidase alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02324049 (Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics/Efficacy of SBC-103 in Mucopolysaccharidosis III, Type B (MPS IIIB)).		
DB15268	Afabicin	investigational	Afabicin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03723551 (Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Afabicin in The Treatment of Participants With Bone or Joint Infection Due to Staphylococcus).		
DB15269	ALK-4290	investigational	ALK-4290 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03558061 (Evaluate the Effects and Safety of ALK4290 in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Wet Age-Related Macular Degeneration).		
DB15270	Efgartigimod alfa	investigational	Efgartigimod alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03669588 (An Efficacy and Safety Study of ARGX-113 in Patients With Myasthenia Gravis Who Have Generalized Muscle Weakness).		
DB15271	Crizanlizumab	approved,investigational	Crizanlizumab is a humanized IgG2 monoclonal antibody used to reduce the frequency of vaso-occlusive crises in patients with sickle cell disease.[L10097] Sickle cell disease is a genetically inherited condition prevalent in the Middle East, Africa, and certain parts of India. The genetic mutation associated with this disease leads to the formation of abnormal, sickle shaped red blood cells that aggregate and block blood vessels throughout the body, causing vaso-occlusive crises. Sickle cell disease can lead to excruciating pain, stroke, infection, and various other complications arising from the blockage of blood vessels.[T734]Currently, patients are prescribed [hydroxyurea] to raise levels of fetal hemoglobin as a method of reducing morbidity and mortality.[A187904] Though hydroxyurea has been shown to reduce the frequency of vaso-occlusive crises, adherence to this therapy is difficult due to adverse effects and the high variability of response to the drug between patients.[A187907] Crizanlizumab, or SEG101, is given once every 4 weeks and may improve patient adherence. It was developed by Novartis and was granted FDA approval on November 15, 2019.[L10097]		
DB15272	Edratide	investigational	Edratide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00203151 (A Study to Evaluate the Tolerability, Safety and Effectiveness of Edratide in the Treatment of Lupus).		
DB15273	VS-4718	investigational	VS-4718 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02215629 (Dose Escalation Study in Acute Myeloid or B-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia).		
DB15274	Pertussis vaccine	approved,investigational	Pertussis vaccine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01698346 (Pertussis (Tdap) Vaccination in Pregnancy).		
DB15275	GDC-0077	investigational	GDC-0077 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03006172 (To Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0077 Single Agent in Participants With Solid Tumors and in Combination With Endocrine and Targeted Therapies in Participants With Breast Cancer).		
DB15276	PR1 leukemia peptide vaccine	investigational	PR1 leukemia peptide vaccine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00513578 (Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Low-Risk or Intermediate-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome).		
DB15277	Gedivumab	investigational	Gedivumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01877785 (A Study of MHAA4549A to Assess Safety And Pharmacokinetics in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15278	Marzeptacog alfa (activated)	investigational	Marzeptacog alfa (activated) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01439971 (Phase 1 Safety, Pharmacokinetics And Pharmacodynamics Study Of Recombinant Factor VIIa Variant (813d) In Adult Subjects With Hemophilia).		
DB15279	CB-103	investigational	CB-103 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03422679 (Study of CB-103 in Adult Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumours and Haematological Malignancies).		
DB15280	Gimsilumab	investigational	Gimsilumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01357759 (Safety and Tolerability of MORAb-022 in Healthy and Rheumatoid Arthritis Subjects).		
DB15281	Ravoxertinib	investigational	Ravoxertinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01875705 (A Dose-Escalation Study of GDC-0994 in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15282	Fluorofuranylnorprogesterone F-18	investigational	Fluorofuranylnorprogesterone F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02455453 (Assessment of Functional Status of Estrogen Receptors in Breast Cancer by Positron Emission Tomography).		
DB15283	Tebentafusp	investigational	Tebentafusp is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02889861 (IMCgp100-401 Rollover Study).		
DB15284	Sulopenem	investigational	Sulopenem is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03357614 (Sulopenem Followed by Sulopenem-etzadroxil/Probenecid vs Ertapenem Followed by Cipro for Complicated UTI in Adults).		
DB15285	ARC-19499	investigational	ARC-19499 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01191372 (First-in-Human and Proof-of-Mechanism Study of ARC19499 Administered to Hemophilia Patients).		
DB15286	CB-1158	investigational	CB-1158 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03910530 (A Study of INCMGA00012, INCB001158, and the Combination in Japanese Participants With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15287	Elismetrep	investigational	Elismetrep is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02429102 (A Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of MT-8554 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15288	Etamicastat	investigational	Etamicastat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02840565 (Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Six Multiple Rising Dose Regimens of BIA 5-453).		
DB15289	Perillyl alcohol	investigational	Perillyl alcohol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02704858 (Safety and Efficacy Study in Recurrent Grade IV Glioma).		
DB15290	Pegteograstim	investigational	Pegteograstim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02787876 (Pegteograstim in Children With Solid Tumors).		
DB15291	BMS-986142	investigational	BMS-986142 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02880670 (Pharmacokinetics and Metabolism Study of Radiolabeled BMS-986142 in Healthy Male Subjects).		
DB15292	Foliglurax	investigational	Foliglurax is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02639221 (A Phase I, Double Blind, Placebo Controlled, First in Human, Single and Multiple Ascending Oral Dose, Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetic Study in Healthy Male and Female Subjects).		
DB15293	Epalrestat	investigational	Epalrestat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03244358 (Evaluation of Epalrestat in Metastatic Triple-negative Breast Cancer).		
DB15294	SB-1578	investigational	SB-1578 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01235871 (A Single and Multiple-Dose Study of SB1578).		
DB15295	Tenalisib	investigational	Tenalisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03711604 (Compassionate Use Study of Tenalisib (RP6530)).		
DB15296	D-fluoromethyltyrosine F-18	investigational	D-fluoromethyltyrosine F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01089998 (PET/CT Imaging for Radiation Dosimetry, Plasma Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability in Healthy Volunteers and Safety, Tolerability and Diagnostic Performance of BAY86-9596 in Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Head and Neck Cancer and Patients With Inflammations).		
DB15297	Petesicatib	investigational	Petesicatib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02295332 (A Study of RG7625 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15298	Ontamalimab	investigational	Ontamalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03627091 (Efficacy and Safety Study of SHP647 as Maintenance Treatment in Participants With Moderate to Severe Crohn's Disease (CARMEN CD 307)).		
DB15299	AMG-232	investigational	AMG-232 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03041688 (MDM2 Inhibitor AMG-232 and Decitabine in Treating Patients With Relapsed, Refractory, or Newly-Diagnosed Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB15300	Hydroquinidine	investigational	Hydroquinidine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00927732 (Hydroquinidine Versus Placebo in Patients With Brugada Syndrome).		
DB15301	Bevifimod	investigational	Bevifimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01749787 (Safety Study of PRTX-100 With Methotrexate or Leflunomide to Treat Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB15302	2-fluorofucose	investigational	2-fluorofucose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02952989 (A Safety Study of SGN-2FF for Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15303	Faricimab	investigational	Retinal vascular diseases (RVDs) such as diabetic macular edema (DME), age-related macular degeneration (AMD), and retinal vein occlusion (RVO) are typically caused by retinal ischemia and subsequent neovascularization (NV).[A225985, A225990, A225995] Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A) is a well-known mediator of retinal NV, and many currently approved RVD therapies such as [aflibercept] and [ranibizumab] solely target VEGF-A. However, another set of factors, the Tie/Ang axis, comprising the transmembrane Tie-2 receptor and its soluble ligands Ang-1 and Ang-2, has been shown to play critical roles in mediating VEGF-A-induced NV.[A225985, A225990, A225995] Faricimab is an IgG<sub>1</sub>-derived bispecific antibody capable of simultaneously binding to and depleting VEGF-A and Ang-2, which has been developed to improve therapeutic efficacy, especially in patients that respond poorly to anti-VEGF-A monotherapy.[A225985, A225990, A225995, A226000, A226005, A226010]Faricimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03823287 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Faricimab in Participants With Neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (TENAYA)).		
DB15304	iota-Carrageenan	investigational	iota-Carrageenan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01944631 (Iota-Carrageenan Nasal Spray in Common Cold).		
DB15305	Risdiplam	approved,investigational	Risdiplam is an orally bioavailable mRNA splicing modifier used for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).[L12615] It increases systemic SMN protein concentrations by improving the efficiency of _SMN2_ gene transcription. This mechanism of action is similar to its predecessor [nusinersen], the biggest difference being their route of administration: nusinersen requires intrathecal administration, as does the one-time gene therapy [onasemnogene abeparvovec], whereas risdiplam offers the ease of oral bioavailability.[L15351,A216871]Risdiplam was approved by the FDA in August 2020 for use in patients 2 months of age or older in the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).[L15331,L15336] Set to be substantially cheaper than other available SMA therapies,[L15351] risdiplam appears to provide a novel and relatively accessible treatment option for patients with SMA regardless of severity or type.		
DB15306	MEDI-6469	investigational	MEDI-6469 is a monoclonal antibody under investigation in clinical trial NCT02205333 (A Phase 1b/2 Safety and Tolerability of MEDI6469 in Combination With Therapeutic Immune Agents or Monoclonal Antibodies).		
DB15307	Atabecestat	investigational	Atabecestat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02211079 (A Study to Assess Effect of JNJ-54861911 on Pharmacokinetics of Cocktail Representatives for Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4, CYP2B6, CYP2C9, and CYP1A2 Substrates).		
DB15308	Ridinilazole	investigational	Ridinilazole is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02092935 (A Study of SMT19969 Compared With Vancomycin for the Treatment of Clostridium Difficile-Associated Diarrhoea (CDAD)).		
DB15310	Vactosertib	investigational	Vactosertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03724851 (Vactosertib in Combination With Pembrolizumab in Metastatic Colorectal or Gastric Cancer).		
DB15311	Davanat	investigational	Davanat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00054977 (Safety of GM-CT-01 With and Without 5-Fluorouracil in Patients With Solid Tumors).		
DB15312	Orilanolimab	investigational	Orilanolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03075878 (A Safety Study of SYNT001 in Subjects With Chronic, Stable Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia (WAIHA)).		
DB15313	DAS-181	investigational	DAS-181 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00527865 (Single Dose Escalating Study of DAS181 in Adults).		
DB15314	Modimelanotide	investigational	Modimelanotide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01897519 (A Safety and Efficacy Trial of Multiple Dosing Regimens of ABT-719 for the Prevention of Acute Kidney Injury in Subjects Undergoing High Risk Surgery).		
DB15315	Coblopasvir	investigational	Coblopasvir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03416491 (Safety and Efficacy of KW-136 and Sofosbuvir for Treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C).		
DB15316	Florasulam	investigational	Florasulam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01193465 (Temperature and Humidity Among Different Anesthesia Work-station).		
DB15317	Posiphen	investigational	Posiphen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02925650 (Safety, Tolerability, PK and PD of Posiphen® in Subjects With Early Alzheimer's Disease).		
DB15318	Neodymium	investigational	Neodymium is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03525522 (Nd:Yttrium Aluminum Garnet Laser Treatment for Lichen Sclerosus).		
DB15319	VM4-037	investigational	VM4-037 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00884520 (An Exploratory, Open Label, Multi-Center, Non-Randomized Study of [F-18]VM4-037).		
DB15321	Tefinostat	investigational	Tefinostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02759601 (Dose Escalation Trial of Tefinostat for Cancer Associated Inflamation in Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC)).		
DB15322	Lacutamab	investigational	Lacutamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02593045 (Study of IPH4102 in Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Cutaneous T-cell Lymphomas (CTCL)).		
DB15323	Trelagliptin	investigational	Trelagliptin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03555591 (Specified Drug-Use Survey of Trelagliptin Tablets "Survey on Long-term Use in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus").		
DB15324	ORM-13070 C-11	investigational	ORM-13070 C-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00735774 (Suitability of 11C-ORM-13070 as a PET Tracer).		
DB15325	ONO-8539	investigational	ONO-8539 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01707901 (A Study of the Effect of ONO-8539 on Oesophageal Pain Hypersensitivity in Patients With Non-erosive Reflux Disease).		
DB15326	CXL-1020	investigational	CXL-1020 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01092325 (Safety and Hemodynamic Effects and Pharmacokinetics of CXL-1020 in Patients With Stable Heart Failure).		
DB15327	Abivertinib	investigational	Abivertinib is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeted against mutant forms of both human epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK).[L17383] It has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and B-cell malignancies. In binding to and inhibiting EGFR and BTK receptors, abivertinib exerts immunomodulatory effects by preventing the production and release of pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. TNF-alpha, interleukins).[L17388]Abivertinib's potential to depress cytokine production has led to its investigation in the treatment of hospitalized patients with moderate-to-severe COVID-19.[L17388,L17393] The cytokine storm associated with COVID-19 is thought to contribute to disease progression and is associated with poor outcomes in patients - as abivertinib inhibits the release of multiple cytokines at once, it may provide more pronounced clinical benefits as compared to agents targeting single pathways (e.g. interleukin-6 inhibitors). The study is expected to be completed in March 2021.[L17398]		
DB15328	Ubrogepant	approved,investigational	Ubrogepant is indicated for the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura in adults.[L10926] It was approved by the FDA on December 23, 2019, and is the first oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist approved for the acute treatment of migraine.[L10959] Several oral small molecule CGRP receptor antagonists, belonging to a class of medications referred to as "gepants", have been investigated for migraines, but only ubrogepant and [rimegepant] remain in clinical development.[A189207,A189213] Previous agents within this class were efficacious but limited by liver toxicity - this led to the development of ubrogepant, which was designed to be a hepatoxicity-free alternative to its predecessors.[A189195] Several parenteral monoclonal antibodies acting against the CGRP pathway (e.g. [erenumab], [fremanezumab], [galcanezumab]) have also been approved in recent years.[A189207]Compared to the current standard of therapy for migraine treatment, namely triptans such as [sumatriptan] and [almotriptan], CGRP antagonists present several advantages.[A189195] They appear to be better tolerated, do not contribute to medication overuse headaches, and carry no apparent cardiovascular risk, making them suitable for use in patients with cardiovascular disease.[A189195] The development of oral gepants, including ubrogepant, may therefore constitute a significant advance in migraine headache treatment and may become the new standard of therapy in the treatment of this debilitating condition.		
DB15329	Nattokinase	investigational	Nattokinase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00749801 (Efficacy and Safety of Geneferm Nattokinase).		
DB15330	Nesvacumab	investigational	Nesvacumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01997164 (Study of Intravitreal (IVT) REGN910-3 and IVT REGN910 in Patients With Either Neovascular (Wet) Age Related Macular Degeneration (AMD) or Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)).		
DB15331	Vocimagene amiretrorepvec	investigational	Vocimagene amiretrorepvec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02576665 (A Study of Toca 511, a Retroviral Replicating Vector, Combined With Toca FC in Patients With Solid Tumors or Lymphoma (Toca 6)).		
DB15332	Radavirsen	investigational	Radavirsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01375985 (Safety Study of Single Administration Intravenous Treatment for Influenza).		
DB15333	AZD-1386	investigational	AZD-1386 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00945178 (Double-blind Placebo-controlled 2-part Study Assessing the Safety, Tolerability and PK of AZD1386 in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15334	Biochanin A	investigational	Biochanin A is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02174666 (Isoflavone Treatment for Postmenopausal Osteopenia.).		
DB15335	Formononetin	investigational	Formononetin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02174666 (Isoflavone Treatment for Postmenopausal Osteopenia.).		
DB15336	Valanafusp alfa	investigational	Valanafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03071341 (Extension Study Evaluating Long Term Safety and Activity of AGT-181 in Children With MPS I).		
DB15338	Rovatirelin	investigational	Rovatirelin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01384435 (A Phase II Double Blind Comparative Study of KPS-0373 in Patients With Spinocerebellar Degeneration (SCD)).		
DB15339	Methcathinone	investigational	Methcathinone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02617862 (PCI Imaging System in Pediatric Ophthalmology).		
DB15340	EC-0652	investigational	EC-0652 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02202447 (Phase 1 of EC1169 In Patients With Recurrent MCRPC).		
DB15341	Dinalbuphine sebacate	investigational	Dinalbuphine sebacate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02468128 (A Study of Intramuscular Sebacoyl Dinalbuphine Ester for Post-Hemorrhoidectomy Pain Management).		
DB15342	Panobacumab	investigational	Panobacumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00851435 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of KBPA-101 in Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Caused by O11 Pseudomonas Aeruginosa).		
DB15343	HM-43239	investigational	HM-43239 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03850574 (Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of HM43239 in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB15344	beta-Hydroxyisovaleric acid	investigational	beta-Hydroxyisovaleric acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03018496 (Investigating the Effects of Beta-Hydroxy-Beta-Methylbutyrate on Glucose Handling in Older and Younger Men.).		
DB15345	GSK-945237	investigational	GSK-945237 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01039610 (A Single Center Four Part Study in Healthy Adult Subjects to Evaluate: the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of a Single Oral Dose and Repeat Escalating Oral Doses of GSK945237; the Effect of Linezolid on Hematology Safety Parameters; and the Effects of GSK945237 and Moxifloxacin on QTc.).		
DB15346	GLPG-1205	investigational	GLPG-1205 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03725852 (A Clinical Study to Test How Effective and Safe GLPG1205 is for Patients With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF)).		
DB15347	Branebrutinib	investigational	Branebrutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02705989 (Safety, Tolerability and Relative Bioavailability Study of BMS-986195 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15348	Ampreloxetine	investigational	Ampreloxetine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03750552 (Clinical Effect of TD-9855 for Treating snOH in Subjects With Primary Autonomic Failure).		
DB15349	Sofituzumab vedotin	investigational	Sofituzumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01335958 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of DMUC5754A Administered Intravenously to Patients With Platinum-Resistant Ovarian Cancer or Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB15350	D-chiro-Inositol	investigational	D-chiro-Inositol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03201601 (Evaluation of the Mixture Myoinositol:D-chiro-inositol 3.6:1 in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome).		
DB15352	Vorsetuzumab mafodotin	investigational	Vorsetuzumab mafodotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01677390 (A Phase 1b Study of SGN-75 in Combination With Everolimus in Patients With Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB15353	Nacubactam	investigational	Nacubactam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03174795 (A Study to Investigate the Pharmacokinetics of RO7079901 and Meropenem in Participants With a Complicated Urinary Tract Infection).		
DB15354	Evinacumab	investigational	Evinacumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03146416 (Study of Evinacumab (REGN1500) in Caucasian and in Japanese Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15355	PL-3994	investigational	PL-3994 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01304628 (Cross-Over Study of Subcutaneous Study Drug for the Treatment of Patients With Mild to Moderate Asthma).		
DB15356	SLV-334	investigational	SLV-334 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00735085 (A Phase 2a Dose Escalation Study With SLV334 in Patients With Traumatic Brain Injury.).		
DB15357	Xanomeline	investigational	Xanomeline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02831231 (Pilot Study Comparing Effects of Xanomeline Alone to Xanomeline Plus Trospium).		
DB15358	JNJ-54175446	investigational	JNJ-54175446 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02933762 (A Study in Healthy Participants to Evaluate the Effect of JNJ-54175446 on Amyloid Biomarkers and Cytokine Profiles in Cerebrospinal Fluid and Plasma).		
DB15359	Xanthohumol	investigational	Xanthohumol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01367431 (Xanthohumol and Metabolic Syndrome).		
DB15360	Carfentanil, C-11	investigational	Carfentanil, C-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01899170 (Towards Individualized Deep Brain Stimulation Treatment of Chronic Neuropathic Pain).		
DB15361	Thallium Tl-201	investigational	Thallium Tl-201 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02697760 (The CZT Dynamic Myocardial Perfusion Imaging).		
DB15362	LSZ-102	investigational	LSZ-102 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02734615 (Phase I/Ib Trial of LSZ102 Single Agent or LSZ102 + LEE011 or LSZ102 + BYL719 in ER+ Breast Cancers).		
DB15363	Istiratumab	investigational	Istiratumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02399137 (A Phase 2 Study of MM-141 Plus Nab-paclitaxel and Gemcitabine in Front-line Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB15365	Pegbelfermin	investigational	Pegbelfermin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03486899 (A Study of Experimental Medication BMS-986036 in Adults With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Stage 3 Liver Fibrosis).		
DB15366	SOR-C13	investigational	SOR-C13 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01578564 (Safety and Tolerability Study of SOR-C13 in Subjects With Advanced Cancers Commonly Known to Express the TRPV6 Channel).		
DB15367	LY-2623091	investigational	LY-2623091 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02194465 (A Study of LY2623091 in Participants With High Blood Pressure).		
DB15368	Yttrium Y-90 clivatuzumab tetraxetan	investigational	Yttrium Y-90 clivatuzumab tetraxetan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00603863 (Safety and Efficacy Study of Different Doses of 90Y-hPAM4 Combined With Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB15369	Aganirsen	investigational	Aganirsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02947867 (Trial of Aganirsen in iCRVO Patients at Risk of Developing NVG).		
DB15370	Balixafortide	investigational	Balixafortide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03786094 (Pivotal Study in HER2 Negative, Locally Recurrent or Metastatic Breast Cancer).		
DB15371	MK-2748	investigational	MK-2748 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01593735 (A Multiple Dose Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MK-2748 in Hepatitis C-Infected Participants (MK-2748-002 AM1)).		
DB15372	JNJ-27548547	investigational	JNJ-27548547 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01705002 (Intravenously Administered Pegylated Liposomal Mitomycin-C Lipid-based Prodrug (PROMITIL) in Cancer Patients With Solid Tumors.).		
DB15373	Tilmanocept	approved,investigational	Tilmanocept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03241446 (Pharmacokinetics and Dosimetry of Tc 99m Tilmanocept Following a Single Intravenous Dose Administration in Male and Female Subjects Diagnosed With Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)).		
DB15374	Cobalt Co-60	investigational	Cobalt Co-60 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02891083 (Adjuvant Therapies or Surgery Alone for High Risk pN0 Esophageal Cancer).		
DB15375	Tozuleristide	investigational	Tozuleristide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02464332 (Safety Study of BLZ-100 in Adult Subjects With Sarcoma Undergoing Surgery).		
DB15376	Gosuranemab	investigational	Gosuranemab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02460094 (Multiple Ascending Dose Study of Intravenously Administered BMS-986168 (BIIB092) in Patients With Progressive Supranuclear Palsy).		
DB15377	ATB-346	investigational	ATB-346 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03220633 (Study To Assess Safety, Tolerability And PK Of ATB-346 In Healthy Subjects).		
DB15378	Vopratelimab	investigational	Vopratelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02904226 (JTX-2011 Alone and in Combination With Anti-PD-1 or Anti-CTLA-4 in Subjects With Advanced and/or Refractory Solid Tumors).		
DB15379	Hydroxypropyl betadex	investigational	Hydroxypropyl betadex is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03471143 (Study of IV VTS-270 for Infantile Liver Disease Associated With Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C).		
DB15380	Flutriciclamide F-18	investigational	Flutriciclamide F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02350426 (A Study to Assess Inflammation in Rheumatoid Arthritis Using Molecular Imaging Techniques).		
DB15381	Menaquinone	investigational	Menaquinone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01533441 (Vitamin K2 Intervention in Patients With Vitamin K Antagonists).		
DB15382	SAR-125844	investigational	SAR-125844 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01391533 (Study of SAR125844 Single Agent Administered as Slow Intravenous Infusion in Adult Patients With Advanced Malignant Solid Tumors).		
DB15383	Pidilizumab	investigational	Pidilizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01952769 (Anti PD1 Antibody in Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma).		
DB15384	Simotaxel	investigational	Simotaxel is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00088647 (Study Evaluating MST-997 in Advanced Malignant Solid Tumors).		
DB15385	Acebilustat	investigational	Acebilustat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01748838 (Phase 1 Study Assessing the Safety and Tolerability of CTX-4430).		
DB15386	ALT-801	investigational	ALT-801 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01478074 (ALT-801-activated Natural Killer Cells After FLAG Induction for Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB15387	Bintrafusp alfa	investigational	Bintrafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03833661 (M7824 Monotherapy in Locally Advanced or Metastatic Second Line (2L) Biliary Tract Cancer (Cholangiocarcinoma and Gallbladder Cancer)).		
DB15388	Anti-GD2 monoclonal antibody 3F8	investigational	Anti-GD2 monoclonal antibody 3F8 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00089258 (Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Neuroblastoma That Has Not Responded to Previous Treatment).		
DB15389	Teceleukin	investigational	Teceleukin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03610490 (Autologous Tumor Infiltrating Lymphocytes MDA-TIL in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Refractory Ovarian Cancer, Osteosarcoma, or Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma).		
DB15390	Efizonerimod alfa	investigational	Efizonerimod alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02221960 (A Phase 1 Study to Evaluate MEDI6383 Alone and in Combination With MEDI4736 in Adult Subjects With Select Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15391	Elenbecestat	investigational	Elenbecestat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02956486 (A 24-Month Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Elenbecestat (E2609) in Subjects With Early Alzheimer's Disease).		
DB15392	Cesium	investigational	Cesium is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02794675 (Intraoperative Placement of Cesium-131 Permanent Interstitial Brachytherapy in Head and Neck Cancer).		
DB15393	Telatinib	investigational	Telatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03817411 (Telatinib in Combination With Capecitabine/ Oxaliplatin in 1st Line Gastric or GEJ Cancer).		
DB15394	gamma-Tocopherol	investigational	gamma-Tocopherol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00836368 (In Vitro Basophil Responsiveness to Allergen Challenge After Gamma-tocopherol Supplementation in Allergic Asthmatics).		
DB15395	PF-06863135	investigational	PF-06863135 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03269136 (Phase 1 Study Of PF-06863135, A BCMA- CD3 Bispecific Ab, In Relapse/ Refractory Multiple Myeloma).		
DB15396	PF-114	investigational	PF-114 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02885766 (Study to Evaluate Tolerability, Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Preliminary Efficacy of PF-114 for Oral Administration in Adults With Ph+ Chronic Myeloid Leukemia, Which is Resistant to the 2-nd Generation Bcr-Abl Inhibitors or Has T315I Mutation in the BCR-ABL Gene).		
DB15397	GMA-161	investigational	GMA-161 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00244257 (Safety Study of GMA161 in Patients With Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP)).		
DB15398	Dihydrocapsiate	investigational	Dihydrocapsiate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00999297 (Effect of 4-week Dihydrocapsiate Ingestion on Resting Metabolic Rate).		
DB15399	BMS-754807	investigational	BMS-754807 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00908024 (Combination Study of BMS-754807 and Erbitux® in Subjects With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15400	Lifastuzumab vedotin	investigational	Lifastuzumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01363947 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of Escalating Doses of DNIB0600A in Participants With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) and Platinum Resistant Ovarian Cancer).		
DB15401	Danicopan	investigational	Danicopan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03459443 (A Proof of Concept Study for a 12 Month Treatment in Patients With C3 Glomerulopathy (C3G) or Immune-Complex Membranoproliferative Glomerulonephritis (IC-MPGN)).		
DB15402	Tucotuzumab celmoleukin	investigational	Tucotuzumab celmoleukin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00016237 (Interleukin-2 Combined With Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Kidney, Bladder, or Lung Cancer That Has Not Responded to Previous Treatment).		
DB15403	Ziritaxestat	investigational	Ziritaxestat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03798366 (A Clinical Study to Test How Effective and Safe GLPG1690 is for Patients With Systemic Sclerosis).		
DB15404	Heparin, bovine	investigational	Heparin, bovine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01072747 (Efficacy And Safety Of Unfractionated Heparin In Patients With Cardiovascular Surgery Using Cardiopulmonary Bypass).		
DB15405	FET F-18	investigational	FET F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01756352 (FET-PET for Evaluation of Response of Recurrent GBM to Avastin).		
DB15406	GLPG-0974	investigational	GLPG-0974 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01721980 (Multiple Ascending Dose Study of GLPG0974 in Healthy Subjects).		
DB15407	Acalisib	investigational	Acalisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01705847 (A Phase 1b Study Evaluating GS-9820 in Subjects With Lymphoid Malignancies).		
DB15408	Silmitasertib	investigational	Silmitasertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03904862 (Testing the Safety and Tolerability of CX-4945 in Patients With Recurrent Medulloblastoma Who May or May Not Have Surgery).		
DB15409	Ladiratuzumab vedotin	investigational	Ladiratuzumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01969643 (A Safety Study of SGN-LIV1A in Breast Cancer Patients).		
DB15410	(S)-Propafenone	investigational	(S)-Propafenone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02710669 (New Formulations of Propafenone to Treat Atrial Fibrillation).		
DB15411	ABP-700	investigational	ABP-700 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02800590 (Study to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of 3 Dosing Regimens of ABP-700 for Procedural Sedation in Adult Participants Undergoing Colonoscopy).		
DB15412	LB-100	investigational	LB-100 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03886662 (A Study of LB-100 in Patients With Low or Intermediate-1 Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS)).		
DB15413	OTL-38	investigational	OTL-38 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02769533 (A Phase 1, Single Dose, Open-Label Study to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of OTL38 Injection (OTL38) for Intra-operative Imaging of Folate Receptor-alpha Positive Pituitary Adenoma).		
DB15414	CM-4307	investigational	CM-4307 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03602495 (Donafenib in 131I-Refractory Differentiated Thyroid Cancer).		
DB15415	Tomaralimab	investigational	Tomaralimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01794663 (Placebo-Controlled Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of OPN-305 in Preventing Delayed Renal Graft Function).		
DB15416	PX-102	investigational	PX-102 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01998672 (Multiple Ascending Oral Dose Phase I Study With Px-102).		
DB15417	Recanaclotide	investigational	Recanaclotide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01712412 (Phase 2a Study of IW-9179 to Treat Functional Dyspepsia).		
DB15418	AZD-9977	investigational	AZD-9977 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03843060 (A Phase 1 Study to Assess the Pharmacokinetics of AZD9977 Administered Alone and in Combination With Itraconazole in Healthy Volunteers).		
DB15419	Nanatinostat	investigational	Nanatinostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00697879 (Safety Study of the Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor, CHR-3996, in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumours).		
DB15420	Coagulation factor XIa	investigational	Coagulation factor XIa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01701947 (HEMOLEVEN® Expanded Access Program Prevention of Surgical/Postpartum Hemorrhage Severe Inherited Factor XI Deficiency).		
DB15421	Cetrelimab	investigational	Cetrelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03547037 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics, and Immunogenicity of JNJ-63723283, an Anti-Programmed Cell Death (PD)-1 Monoclonal Antibody, as Monotherapy or in Combination With Erdafitinib in Japanese Participants With Advanced Solid Cancers).		
DB15422	ILS-920	investigational	ILS-920 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00827190 (Study Evaluating Single Ascending Doses Of ILS-920).		
DB15423	Disaccharide tripeptide glycerol dipalmitoyl	investigational	Disaccharide tripeptide glycerol dipalmitoyl is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00003667 (Combination Chemotherapy and Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With High-Risk Ewing's Sarcoma).		
DB15424	Bfpet F-18	investigational	Bfpet F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03265431 (Evaluation of PET/MR in Patients Selected for Ablation Therapy).		
DB15425	CYC-065	investigational	CYC-065 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03739554 (CYC065 CDK Inhibitor and Venetoclax Study in Relapsed/Refractory CLL).		
DB15426	Giripladib	investigational	Giripladib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00396955 (A Study Comparing 4 Dose Regimens of PLA-695, Naproxen, and Placebo In Subjects With Osteoarthritis Of The Knee).		
DB15427	Fialuridine	investigational	Fialuridine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01337466 (Biodistribution and Dosimetry Evaluation of [124I]FIAU).		
DB15428	Vesencumab	investigational	Vesencumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00747734 (A Study of MNRP1685A in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15429	Thioglycolic acid	investigational	Thioglycolic acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03238105 (Treatment of Periorbicular Hyperchromia Comparing 10% Thioglycolic Acid Peeling Versus Pulsed Intense Light).		
DB15430	Elgemtumab	investigational	Elgemtumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02167854 (Open-Label Study Evaluating the Safety and Tolerability of LJM716, BYL719 and Trastuzumab in Patients With Metastatic HER2+ Breast Cancer).		
DB15431	M-2698	investigational	M-2698 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01971515 (First-in-Human Dose Escalation Trial in Subjects With Advanced Malignancies).		
DB15432	Pinatuzumab vedotin	investigational	Pinatuzumab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01691898 (A Study of Pinatuzumab Vedotin (DCDT2980S) Combined With Rituximab or Polatuzumab Vedotin (DCDS4501A) Combined With Rituximab or Obinutuzumab in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL)).		
DB15433	AVI-7537	investigational	AVI-7537 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01593072 (A Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of AVI-7537 in Healthy Adult Volunteers).		
DB15434	Mosunetuzumab	investigational	Mosunetuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03677154 (A Trial of Mosunetuzumab (BTCT4465A) as Consolidation Therapy in Participants With Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Following First-Line Immunochemotherapy and as Therapy in Participants With Previously Untreated Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Who Are Unable to Tolerate Full-Dose Chemotherapy).		
DB15435	BMS-986158	investigational	BMS-986158 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02419417 (Study of BMS-986158 in Subjects With Select Advanced Cancers).		
DB15436	Glucoraphanin	investigational	Glucoraphanin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01879878 (Pilot Study Evaluating Broccoli Sprouts in Advanced Pancreatic Cancer [POUDER Trial]).		
DB15437	Rocacetrapib	investigational	Rocacetrapib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02156544 (Study to Investigate the Safety/Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics/Pharmacodynamics of CKD-519).		
DB15438	Artemin	investigational	Artemin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01842126 (Phase 1 Subcutaneous Single and Multiple Ascending Dose Study of BG00010 (Neublastin)).		
DB15439	Navoximod	investigational	Navoximod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02048709 (Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase (IDO) Inhibitor in Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB15440	GSK-3117391	investigational	GSK-3117391 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02965599 (Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of GSK3117391 in Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB15441	Lulizumab pegol	investigational	Lulizumab pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02843659 (Proof of Concept Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of BMS-931699 (Lulizumab) or BMS-986142 in Primary Sjögren's Syndrome).		
DB15442	Trilaciclib	investigational	Trilaciclib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02514447 (Trilaciclib (G1T28), a CDK 4/6 Inhibitor, in Patients With Previously Treated Extensive Stage SCLC Receiving Topotecan Chemotherapy).		
DB15443	Lorukafusp alfa	investigational	Lorukafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01334515 (Biological Therapy, Sargramostim, and Isotretinoin in Treating Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Neuroblastoma).		
DB15444	Elexacaftor	approved,investigational	Elexacaftor (previously VX-445) is a small molecule, next-generation corrector of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) protein.[A187361] It received FDA approval in October 2019 in combination with [tezacaftor] and [ivacaftor] as the combination product Trikafta<sup>TM</sup>.[L9395] Elexacaftor is considered a next-generation CFTR corrector as it possesses both a different structure and mechanism as compared to first generation correctors like tezacaftor.[A187361] While dual corrector/potentiator combination therapy has proven useful in the treatment of a subset of CF patients,[A187358] their use is typically limited to patients who are homozygous for the _F508del-CFTR_ gene.[A187361] Elexacaftor, along with [VX-659], was designed to fill the need for an efficacious CF therapy for patients who are heterozygous for _F508del-CFTR_ and a gene that does not produce protein or produces proteins unresponsive to ivacaftor or tezacaftor.[A187361] The triple combination product Trikafta<sup>TM</sup>, manufactured by Vertex Pharmaceuticals, is the first product approved for the treatment of CF in individuals who are either homo- _or_ heterozygous for the _F508del-CFTR_  gene - this represents approximately 70[A187373]-90%[A187361,A187355] of all CF patients.		
DB15445	Iodohippuric acid	investigational	Iodohippuric acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02599844 (Impact of Pediatric Acute Renal Injury in Severe Sepsis in Young Adults).		
DB15446	Vidofludimus	investigational	Vidofludimus is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03722576 (Vidofludimus Calcium for Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis).		
DB15447	Setogepram	investigational	Setogepram is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03184584 (Open-Label Rollover Study of PBI 4050 in Subjects With Alström Syndrome).		
DB15448	Acumapimod	investigational	Acumapimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02926326 (The Effect of Azithromycin on BCT197 Exposure in Healthy Male Volunteers).		
DB15449	Citarinostat	investigational	Citarinostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02886065 (A Study of PVX-410, a Cancer Vaccine, and Citarinostat +/- Lenalidomide for Smoldering MM).		
DB15450	PF-05105679	investigational	PF-05105679 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01393652 (Single Dose, Dose Escalation Healthy Volunteers Study Of PF-05105679).		
DB15451	SOBI-003	investigational	SOBI-003 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03811028 (A Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Long-term SOBI003 Treatment in Pediatric MPS IIIA Patients).		
DB15452	Technetium Tc-99m epratuzumab	investigational	Technetium Tc-99m epratuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00003337 (Radiolabeled Monoclonal Antibody in the Detection and Staging of Patients With Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma).		
DB15453	Naratuximab emtansine	investigational	Naratuximab emtansine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01534715 (IMGN529 in Treating Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia).		
DB15455	Cenersen	investigational	Cenersen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02243124 (A Study of Aezea® (Cenersen) in Transfusion Dependent Anemia Associated With Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS)).		
DB15456	Vericiguat	investigational	Vericiguat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02861534 (A Study of Vericiguat in Participants With Heart Failure With Reduced Ejection Fraction (HFrEF) (MK-1242-001)).		
DB15457	Snubh-nm-333 F-18	investigational	Snubh-nm-333 F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02149017 (Phase 1 and Phase 2 Clinical Trials of SNUBH-NM-333(18F)).		
DB15458	Norleucine	investigational	Norleucine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00081952 (Amino Acid Therapy for Hot Flashes in Postmenopausal Women).		
DB15460	AGG-523	investigational	AGG-523 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00380900 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Multiple Ascending Doses in Healthy subjects and in subjects with osteoarthritis).		
DB15461	Yersinia pestis 195/p antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	investigational	Yersinia pestis 195/p antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02596308 (Immunogenicity and Safety of Subunit Plague Vaccine).		
DB15462	Fucoxanthin	investigational	Fucoxanthin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03613740 (Effect of Fucoxanthin on the Components of the Metabolic Syndrome, Insulin Sensitivity and Insulin Secretion).		
DB15463	PT2977	investigational	PT2977 is an HIF-2α inhibitor. A kidney cancer treatment, it is the lead candidate drug for Peloton. Peloton was acquired by Merck & Co Inc on May 21, 2019.		
DB15464	Urolithin A	investigational	Urolithin A is a metabolite of ellagic acid. It has been demonstrated to stimulate mitophagy and improve muscle health in old animals and in preclinical models of aging.[A179494]		
DB15465	Benzhydrocodone	approved	Benzhydrocodone is a benzylic prodrug of hydrocodone.[L4894] It was developed in an effort to reduce parenteral bioavailability of the active metabolite as a deterrent to abuse.[A182177] Benzhydrocodone is indicated for use in the short-term management of pain. It was first approved by the FDA in February 2018 in combination with [acetaminophen] under the trade name Apadaz, marketed by KVK Tech and developed by KemPharm.[L7859,L7862]		
DB15466	Tallimustine	experimental	Tallimustine, a benzoyl mustard derivative of distamycin A, is an alkylating agent that binds to the minor groove of DNA.[A182036,A182039] It's association with severe myelotoxicity lead to the end of its development in favour of α-halogenoacrylamide derivatives such as [brostallicin], which have a favourable cytotoxicity/myelotoxicity ratio.[A182039,A182045] Newer generations of DNA minor groove binding agents can more specifically recognize base pair sequences.[A182051]		
DB15467	Cinoxate	approved			
DB15468	Iscotrizinol	experimental			
DB15469	Octyl triazone	experimental			
DB15470	Minretumomab	experimental			
DB15471	ZW-25	investigational	According to Zymeworks, "ZW25 is a bispecific antibody that can simultaneously bind two non-overlapping epitopes, known as biparatopic binding, of HER2 resulting in dual HER2 signal blockade, increased binding and removal of HER2 protein from the cell surface, and potent effector function. These combined mechanisms of action have led to significant anti-tumor activity in preclinical models of breast and gastric cancers."[L8219]		
DB15472	ZW-49	investigational	According to Zymeworks, "ZW49 is a bispecific anti-HER2 ADC that is based on the same antibody framework as [ZW25] but armed with a cytotoxic payload."[L8234] It is being investigated for several indications characterized by HER2 expression including breast and gastric cancers that have progressed or are refractory to existing HER2-targeted therapies, and other HER2 expressing solid tumors.		
DB15473	Haemagglutinin-strain B (Victoria)	approved			
DB15474	Haemagglutinin-strain B (Yamagata)	approved			
DB15475	Haemagglutinin-strain A(H3N2)	approved			
DB15476	Haemagglutinin-strain A(H1N1)	approved			
DB15477	Alloin	approved,experimental			
DB15478	Frangula purshiana bark	approved,experimental			
DB15479	Zirconium chloride hydroxide	approved,experimental			
DB15480	Resorcinol monoacetate	approved,experimental			
DB15481	Fish liver oil	approved,experimental			
DB15482	Haemagglutinin-strain B	approved			
DB15483	Modified vaccinia ankara	approved			
DB15484	VIBRIO CHOLERAE INABA 6973 E1 TOR BIOTYPE, FORMALIN INACTIVATED	approved			
DB15485	VIBRIO CHOLERAE INABA 48 CLASSICAL BIOTYPE, HEAT INACTIVATED	approved			
DB15486	VIBRIO CHOLERAE OGAWA 50 CLASSICAL BIOTYPE, HEAT INACTIVATED	approved			
DB15487	VIBRIO CHOLERAE OGAWA 50 CLASSICAL BIOTYPE, FORMALIN INACTIVATED	approved			
DB15488	Echinacoside	experimental	Echinacoside is a phenylethanoid glycoside isolated from _Echinacea angustifolia_ in 1950, and currently being investigated for the treatment of Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, acute colitis, wound treatment, and hepatitis.[A184577] Echinacoside has demonstrated inhibition of apoptosis in neural cell lines, demonstrating potential for use in the treatment of neurological conditions.[A184592]		
DB15489	Mexazolam	experimental	Mexazolam (CS-386) is a benzodiazepine indicated for the treatment of anxiety with or without psychoneurotic conditions.[A184910] Mexazolam's structure is similar to that of other benzodiazepines such as [oxazolam] and [cloxazolam].[A184910] The use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of anxiety is generally a second line measure.[A184910]		
DB15490	Zuranolone	experimental			
DB15491	Oxazolam	experimental			
DB15492	Eticlopride	experimental			
DB15493	Cambinol	experimental	Cambinol is a beta-naphtol derivative that inhibits NAD-dependant deacetylases to reduce cell survival under stress. This activity is currently being investigated for its use as a cancer treatment.		
DB15494	Edotreotide gallium Ga-68	approved	Edotreotide gallium Ga-68 is an 8 amino acid peptide bound to the chelator 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid (DOTA).[L8603] Edotreotide gallium Ga-68 is indicated for localizing somatostatin receptor positive neuroendocrine tumors by positron emission tomography.[L8597] [Dotatate gallium Ga-68] is used for a similar indication.[A185852] Dotatate gallium Ga-68 has lower tumor uptake but this data is highly variable between patients.[A185852]Edotreotide gallium Ga-68 was granted FDA approval on 21 August 2019.[L8597]		
DB15495	Rocaglamide	experimental	Rocaglamide, also referred to as rocaglamide-A, is the eponymous member of a class of anti-cancer phytochemicals known as rocaglamides.[A186760] Rocaglamides are secondary metabolites of the plant genus _Aglaia_, and extracts of the plant have traditionally been used as a form of insect repellant due to its natural insecticidal properties.[A186796] Reports of _Aglaia_ anti-tumor activity date back as far as 1973, and rocaglamide-A was first isolated in 1982 from the species _A. elliptifolia_.[A186760] Rocaglamide and a number of its derivatives (e.g. [didesmethylrocaglamide]) are currently being studied for use as chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of various leukemias, lymphomas, and carcinomas, as well as adjuvant therapy in the treatment of certain chemotherapy-resistant cancers.[A186781,A186784,A186799,A186766]		
DB15496	Didesmethylrocaglamide	experimental	Didesmethylrocaglamide is a naturally-occurring derivative of [rocaglamide] and belongs to a class of anti-cancer phytochemicals referred to as "rocaglamides" derived from plants of the genus _Aglaia_.[A186760] While traditionally used for their insecticidal benefits,[A186796] this class of compounds is now being studied for use as chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of various leukemias, lymphomas, and carcinomas.[A186802,A186763,A186781,A186784] Of the known derivatives of rocaglamide, didesmethylrocaglamide appears to carry the most potent anti-tumour activity.[A186802,A186805]		
DB15497	Smallpox and Monkeypox Vaccine, Live, Non-replicating	approved			
DB15498	BOS172722	experimental	BOS172722 is a novel and selective Monopolar spindle 1 (Mps1) kinase inhibitor identified as a potential anticancer agent.[A187123] Normally, Mps1 supports the proper division of cancer cells, ensuring survival and replication. The key role of Mps1 in the growth of cancer cells renders it an appealing target for cancer treatment, as its inhibition could lead to favorable effects.[A187120]  An in vivo study combined BOS172722 with [Paclitaxel] for the treatment of triple hormone receptor negative breast cancer, and demonstrated promising synergistic effects.[A187123]		
DB15499	Cerdulatinib	investigational	Cerdulatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04021082 (CELTIC-1: A Phase 2B Study of Cerdulatinib in Patients With Relapsed/refractory Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma (PTCL)).		
DB15500	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/02/2018 IVR-190 (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15501	Influenza A virus A/Kansas/14/2017 X-327 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15502	Baccharis sarothroides whole	approved	Baccharis sarothroides whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15503	Amaranthus hybridus pollen	approved	Amaranthus hybridus pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15504	Acacia dealbata pollen	approved	Acacia dealbata pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15505	Influenza A virus A/Idaho/07/2018 (H1N1) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15506	Influenza A virus A/Indiana/08/2018 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15507	Influenza B virus B/Singapore/INFTT-16-0610/2016 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15508	Influenza B virus B/Iowa/06/2017 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15509	Alnus serrulata pollen	approved	Alnus serrulata pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15510	Prosopis velutina seed	approved	Prosopis velutina seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15511	Gibberella fujikuroi	approved	Gibberella fujikuroi allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15512	Mucor circinelloides f. circinelloides	approved	Mucor circinelloides f. circinelloides allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15513	Influenza A virus A/Switzerland/3330/2017 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15514	Influenza A virus A/Kansas/14/2017 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15515	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/02/2018 IVR-190 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15516	Influenza A virus A/Kansas/14/2017 X-327 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15517	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/02/2018 (H1N1) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15518	Influenza A virus A/Kansas/14/2017 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15519	Influenza A virus A/Brisbane/02/2018 IVR-190 (H1N1) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15520	Influenza A virus A/Kansas/14/2017 X-327 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15521	Cyd dengue virus serotype 1 live (attenuated) antigen	approved			
DB15522	Cyd dengue virus serotype 2 live (attenuated) antigen	approved			
DB15523	Cyd dengue virus serotype 3 live (attenuated) antigen	approved			
DB15524	Cyd dengue virus serotype 4 live (attenuated) antigen	approved			
DB15525	Mucor circinelloides f. lusitanicus	approved	Mucor circinelloides f. lusitanicus allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15526	Eurotium amstelodami	approved	Eurotium amstelodami allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15527	Umirolimus	experimental			
DB15528	Onasemnogene abeparvovec	approved	Onasemnogene abeparvovec is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy that has been approved by the FDA in May 2019 for the treatment of infant patients (less than 2 years of age) with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) and a specific mutation in the survival motor neuron 1 (SMN1) gene.[L9194] SMA is a rare genetic disease that affects the survival and function of motor neurons, leading to debilitating and often fatal muscle weakness.[A187250] As there is no cure for SMA, onasemnogene abeparvovec is a disease-modifying agent that decelerates the disease progression, improves motor function, and manages the symptoms. The use and effectiveness of onasemnogene abeparvovec in patients with advanced SMA, such as those with complete paralysis of the limbs and permanent dependence on ventilators, has not been evaluated. Onasemnogene abeparvovec is the first gene therapy that was approved for this indication in the USA. [Nusinersen] is another gene therapy that is currently approved by the FDA for the treatment of SMA in pediatric and adult patients.Developed by AveXis, a Novartis company,[A187253] onasemnogene abeparvovec is commonly marketed as Zolgensma®, which is available as a single-dose intravenous infusion.[L9194] Onasemnogene abeparvovec for therapeutic use and marketing is currently being assessed by the EU and an intrathecal formulation of the drug is currently undergoing clinical development in the USA.[A187253]		
DB15529	Leucanthemum vulgare pollen	approved	Leucanthemum vulgare pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15530	Trifolium pratense pollen	approved	Trifolium pratense pollen allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15531	Silk sericin	experimental			
DB15532	Madecassoside	experimental			
DB15533	Calcium sulfate	experimental			
DB15534	Colchiceine	approved,experimental	Colchiceine is one of several metabolites of the anti-gout medication [colchicine].[A192714]		
DB15535	Cuprous chloride	experimental			
DB15536	Ferric chloride	experimental			
DB15537	Eucalyptus gum	approved,experimental			
DB15538	Sea scallop	approved	Sea scallop allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15539	Northern brown shrimp	approved	Northern brown shrimp allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15540	Rainbow trout	approved	Rainbow trout allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15541	Yellowfin tuna	approved	Yellowfin tuna allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15542	Atlantic mackerel	approved	Atlantic mackerel allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15543	Pacific ocean perch	approved	Pacific ocean perch allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15544	Myristica fragrans fruit	approved	Myristica fragrans fruit allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15545	Pisum sativum whole	approved	Pisum sativum whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15546	Skim milk	approved	Skim milk allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15547	Black sea bass	approved	Black sea bass allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15548	Channel catfish	approved	Channel catfish allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15549	Atlantic halibut	approved	Atlantic halibut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15550	Pradefovir	investigational	Pradefovir is a prodrug of [adefovir].		
DB15551	Leptazoline A	experimental	Leptazoline A is a polar oxazoline from the Cyanobacterium Leptolyngbya sp. Also see [Leptazoline B], [Leptazoline C], and [Leptazoline D].		
DB15552	Leptazoline B	experimental	Leptazoline B is a polar oxazoline from the Cyanobacterium Leptolyngbya sp. Also see [Leptazoline A], [Leptazoline C], and [Leptazoline D].		
DB15553	Leptazoline C	experimental	Leptazoline C is a polar oxazoline from the Cyanobacterium Leptolyngbya sp. Also see [Leptazoline A], [Leptazoline B], and [Leptazoline D].		
DB15554	Leptazoline D	experimental	Leptazoline D is a polar oxazoline from the Cyanobacterium Leptolyngbya sp. Also see [Leptazoline A], [Leptazoline B], and [Leptazoline C].		
DB15555	Magnesium malate	experimental			
DB15556	Zinc glycinate citrate	experimental			
DB15557	24-Homo-1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3	experimental	24-Homo-1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 is a novel [vitamin D] analogue.		
DB15558	Imalumab	investigational	Imalumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02540356 (Phase 1/2a Two-arm Dose-escalation Study of BAX69 in Subjects With Malignant Ascites of Ovarian Cancer).		
DB15559	Zenocutuzumab	investigational	Zenocutuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03321981 (MCLA-128 With Trastuzumab/chemotherapy in HER2+ and With Endocrine Therapy in ER+ and Low HER2 Breast Cancer).		
DB15560	Reloxaliase	investigational	Reloxaliase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03456830 (Evaluate ALLN-177 in Patients With Enteric Hyperoxaluria).		
DB15561	Valoctocogene roxaparvovec	investigational	Valoctocogene roxaparvovec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03392974 (Single-arm Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Valoctocogene Roxaparvovec in Hemophilia a Patients at a Dose of 4E13 Vg/kg).		
DB15562	Influenza A virus A/North carolina/04/2016 (H3N2) hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15563	Influenza B virus B/Iowa/06/2017 hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15564	Influenza B virus B/Singapore/INFTT-16-0610/2016 hemagglutinin antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15565	Cilazaprilat	experimental			
DB15566	Prednisolone acetate	approved,vet_approved	Prednisolone acetate is a [prednisolone] molecule bound to an acetate functional group by an ester bond.[L9449]Prednisolone acetate was granted FDA approval in 1955.[L9449]		
DB15567	PCLX-001	investigational	PCLX-001 is a first-in-kind N-Myristoyltransferase (NMT) inhibitor being developed by [Pacylex Pharmaceuticals](https://pacylex.com). Current studies have shown that PCLX-001 works differently than other known cancer drugs and has high activity and positive results in breast, lung, bladder and pancreas cancers.[L9470]		
DB15568	MRTX849	investigational	MRTX849 is a KRAS inhibitor developed by Mirati and is currently undergoing trials for KRAS G12C mutant cancers. This mutation makes up >50% of all KRAS mutations.[A187559]The drug [AMG-510] is also currently being developed and has the same target.[A187547]		
DB15569	AMG-510	investigational	AMG-510 is an acrylamide derived KRAS inhibitor developed by Amgen and is currently undergoing clinical trials for solid tumors with KRAS G12C mutations.[A187547,A187556] This mutation makes up >50% of all KRAS mutations.[A187550] It is the first experimental KRAS inhibitor.[A187547]The drug [MRTX849] is also currently being developed and has the same target.[A187547]		
DB15570	FLX475	investigational	FLX475 is a small molecule CCR4 antagonist being investigated for the treatment of cancer.[L9875]		
DB15571	(12R)-12-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid	experimental			
DB15572	CTX001	investigational	CTX001 is being developed by CRISPR Therapeutics and Vertex. It is an autologous CRISPR-Cas9 modified CD34+ human hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells in clinical trials for the treatment of severe sickle cell disease and severe beta-thalassemia.[L10139]		
DB15573	alpha-Pinene	experimental			
DB15574	beta-Pinene	experimental			
DB15575	Padeliporfin	approved,experimental			
DB15576	Ethyl salicylate	approved,experimental			
DB15578	Desfesoterodine	experimental	Desfesoterodine is a metabolite of [tolterodine].		
DB15579	Cryptotanshinone	experimental			
DB15580	Climbazole	experimental			
DB15581	Chrysin	experimental			
DB15582	Echinomycin	experimental	Echinomycin is a cytotoxic polypeptide quinoxaline antibiotic isolated from _Streptomyces echinatus_ that binds to DNA and inhibits RNA synthesis.		
DB15583	Fluazuron	experimental	Fluazuron is a benzoyl phenylurea compound.		
DB15584	Luteolin	experimental			
DB15585	ORG-31710	experimental	ORG-31710 is a progestational hormone antagonist.		
DB15586	Patulin	experimental			
DB15587	Antimony potassium tartrate	experimental	Antimony potassium tartrate is a schistosomicide possibly useful against other parasites. It has irritant emetic properties and may cause lethal cardiac toxicity among other adverse effects.		
DB15588	Ursolic acid	experimental			
DB15589	Zingerone	experimental	Zingerone is a pungent component of ginger.		
DB15590	beta-Apopicropodophyllin	experimental	beta-Apopicropodophyllin is a component of the freshwater plant _Micranthemum umbrosum_.		
DB15591	Atrial natriuretic peptide	experimental			
DB15592	Cucurbita pepo subsp. ovifera whole	approved	Cucurbita pepo subsp. ovifera whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15593	Golodirsen	approved	Golodirsen is a morpholino antisense oligomer designed to treat about 8% of patients with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). This is an X-linked condition leading to progressive muscle degeneration that begins in early childhood, rendering many patients wheelchair-bound by age 12. Often, patients succumb to this condition by age 30 or younger due to cardiac and respiratory complications.[A188580,T756] A similar drug used in the treatment of other types of DMD is [eteplirsen], which targets a different genetic mutation.[L10773]Golodirsen was developed by Sarepta Therapeutics and granted accelerated FDA approval on December 12, 2019 due to the urgent need for this drug in patients suffering from a certain form of DMD. Continued approval of this drug will depend on the results of clinical trials that confirm its clinical benefit.[L10755,L10758] Golodirsen was initially rejected for FDA approval over concerns about its potential renal toxicity, however, clinical trials did not show significant toxicity.[L10755]		
DB15594	Brilliant blue G	approved	Brilliant Blue G is used in an ophthalmic solution for staining the internal limiting membrane (ILM) of the eye during ophthalmic procedures.[A188841,A188844] This membrane is thin and translucent, making it difficult to identify during eye surgeries that require high levels of visual accuracy. Brilliant blue G, like its name, imparts a vibrant blue color, facilitating identification of the ILM. It was approved by the FDA for ophthalmic use on December 20, 2019.[L10830]		
DB15595	Ebola Zaire vaccine (live, attenuated)	approved	Ebola virus vaccine is a vaccine used to prevent Ebola virus disease caused by _Zaire ebolavirus_ in adults, prevent outbreaks, and reduce the extent of the virus spreading in case of outbreaks.[L10854] Ebola virus disease, formerly known as Ebola hemorrhagic fever, is a rare but severe and often deadly disease. It is highly contagious: human to human transmission occurs from contact with body fluids from infected patients.[A189024] It is characterized by fever, headache, myalgia, and gastrointestinal symptoms. These may be accompanied by hypotension and respiratory, kidney and liver failure, as well as internal and external bleeding.[A188994,A188997] In the _Filoviridae_ family, there are five unique Ebolavirus species that are each named after the geographical region where it was first identified. The mortality rate of the Zaire species is about 80%.[A188997]Confirmed outbreaks of Ebola virus disease have been documented since the 1970s, mostly in Sub-Saharan Africa, where Ebola first appeared in 1976 near the Ebola River in Zaire (presently referred to as the Democratic Republic of the Congo) and Sudan.[A188994] Between 2014 and 2016, Ebola outbreaks occurred in West Africa, leading to more than 11,310 total deaths during this time in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone.[A188997] In 2016, this epidemic was exhausted after these countries were declared Ebola-free by 2016, and the World Health Organization (WHO) lifted the Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC) status on the West Africa Ebola outbreak.[L10884]The first live, attenuated Ebola virus vaccine was developed by a team of Canadian researchers at Canada’s National Microbiology Laboratory and was later patented by the Canadian government.[L10866] In non-human primate clinical trials, the vaccine was effective in inducing an immune response against the Ebola viruses.[A189018] This vaccine was later sold to NewLink Genetics, a biotech company that held the license to the vaccine from 2010 to 2014, although the vaccine was not marketed.[L10866] In 2014, Merck Inc. signed a licensing agreement with NewLink for further development and marketing. Ervebo, the marketed Ebola virus vaccine by Merck, was first approved by the European Commission in November 2019 after the European Medicines Agency recommended it be licensed. In December 2019, Ervebo was approved by the FDA in the United States. Ervebo consists of an envelope glycoprotein of the Zaire ebolavirus (Kikwit 1995 strain) fused into a vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) backbone.[L10854] By introducing the relatively inactive viral protein to the patient, the patient’s immune system learns to recognize and attack the virus if he or she is exposed to it in the future.		
DB15596	Aminopromazine	experimental,vet_approved			
DB15597	Aminopentamide	experimental,vet_approved			
DB15598	Ferric maltol	approved	Ferric maltol is an iron(III) atom complexed with 3 maltol molecules to increase the bioavailability compared to iron(II), without depositing it in the duodenum as insoluble ferric hydroxide and phosphate.[A189288] Ferric maltol has been described in literature since at least the late 1980s as a potential treatment for iron deficiency.[A189291]Ferric maltol was granted FDA Approval on 25 July 2019.[L10974]		
DB15599	MIV-711	investigational			
DB15601	NNZ-2591	investigational	NNZ-2591 (cyclo-L-glycyl-L-2-allylproline)[A189390] is an investigational synthetic analog of cyclic glycine-proline (cGP), a breakdown product of human insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), that has been chemically modified to increase its half-life, stability, and oral bioavailability.[L11106] It is currently under development by Neuren Pharmaceuticals for the symptomatic treatment of Angelman, Phelan-McDermid, and Pitt Hopkins Syndromes. It was granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA in October 2019[L11103] and was granted a patent by the European Patent Office in December 2019.[L11100] Clinical trials are expected to begin in 2020.[L11103,L11100]		
DB15602	Cashew fruit	approved	Cashew fruit extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15603	Coffea arabica seed, roasted	approved	Coffea arabica seed, roasted allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15604	Lactuca sativa whole	approved	Lactuca sativa whole allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15605	Field mushroom	approved	Field mushroom allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15606	White mustard seed	approved	White mustard seed allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15607	Hydrolyzed soy protein	experimental			
DB15608	Theobroma cacao whole	approved	Theobroma cacao, whole, allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15609	JPC-3210	experimental	JPC-3210 is a potent antimalarial agent. It is an erythrocytic schizonticide with potent in vitro antimalarial activity against multidrug-resistant _Plasmodium falciparum_ lines, low cytotoxicity, potent in vivo efficacy against murine malaria, and favourable preclinical pharmacokinetics including a lengthy plasma elimination half-life.[A189444]		
DB15610	(4-(trifluoromethoxy)phenyl)urea	experimental			
DB15611	Muskmelon	approved	Muskmelon allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15612	American hazelnut	approved	American hazelnut allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15613	Musa acuminata fruit	approved	Musa acuminata fruit allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15614	Previtamin D(3)	experimental			
DB15615	Fennel	approved,experimental			
DB15616	REC-994	investigational	REC-994 was cleared by the FDA in July, 2018 for a phase I trial for the treatment of cerebral cavernous malformation (CCM).		
DB15617	Ferric derisomaltose	approved	Iron deficiency is an extremely common condition and is the most frequent cause of anemia worldwide. Iron deficiency results when iron intake, iron stores, and loss of iron from the body do not adequately support production of erythrocytes, also known as red blood cells. Though it is generally considered non life-threatening, iron deficiency may considerably affect quality of life.[A190528]Ferric derisomaltose is a form of iron used in the treatment of iron deficiency. This drug is a complex of iron (III) hydroxide and derisomaltose. The latter is an iron carbohydrate oligosaccharide that works to release iron. Ferric derisomaltose was developed by Pharmacosmos Therapeutics ad was granted FDA approval in January 2020.[L11581,L11587] Clinical trials show that it is non-inferior to [iron sucrose], another form of iron that is often administered in iron deficiency, and less likely to cause serious hypersensitivity that is associated with other forms of injectable iron.[A190519,A188021]		
DB15618	(5E,7E,9)-decatrien-2-one	experimental	An compound produced by _Fomitopsis betulina_, an edible fungus commonly called the birch polypore. Similar to [(5Z,7E,9)-decatrien-2-one], it has a strong pineapple aroma.[A191116]		
DB15619	(5Z,7E,9)-decatrien-2-one	experimental	An compound produced by _Fomitopsis betulina_, an edible fungus commonly called the birch polypore. Similar to [(5E,7E,9)-decatrien-2-one], it has a strong pineapple aroma.[A191116]		
DB15620	Influenza B virus B/Washington/02/2019 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15621	Influenza A virus A/South Australia/34/2019 IVR-197 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15622	Triazavirin	experimental	Triazavirin is a guanine nucleotide analog antiviral originally developed in Russia that has shown efficacy against influenza A and B, including the H5N1 strain.[A191709,A191625,A191916] It appears that Triazavirin has shown promise in reducing influenza disease severity and associated complications.[L12087] Given the similarities between SARS-CoV-2 and H5N1, health officials are investigating Triazavirin as an option to combat SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus responsible for COVID-19.[A191625]		
DB15623	TMC-310911	investigational	TMC-310911 (also known as ASC-09) is a novel investigational protease inhibitor (PI) that is structurally similar to the currently available [darunavir].[L12045] It is being investigated for use in HIV-1 infections. TMC-310911 has shown marked activity against a variety of HIV-1 strains, including multi-PI-resistant strains, and may be less likely to generate resistance, making it a potentially desirable therapy for both treatment-naive and PI-experienced patients.[L12045,A191643]TMC-310911 is currently being investigated, in combination with other HIV therapies and antivirals, as a potential treatment for COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2.[L12012]		
DB15624	Halicin	experimental			
DB15626	Spesolimab	investigational	Spesolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03886246 (A 5-year Study to Test BI 655130 in Patients With Generalized Pustular Psoriasis Who Took Part in Previous Studies With BI 655130).		
DB15627	Dostarlimab	investigational	Dostarlimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03981796 (A Study of Dostarlimab (TSR-042) Plus Carboplatin-paclitaxel Versus Placebo Plus Carboplatin-paclitaxel in Patients With Recurrent or Primary Advanced Endometrial Cancer).		
DB15628	Inolimomab	investigational	Inolimomab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04289103 (Evaluation of Efficacy and Safety of Leukotac (Inolimomab) in Pediatric Patients With Sr-agvhd).		
DB15629	Garadacimab	investigational	Garadacimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04281524 (A Clinical Study to Test the Efficacy and Safety of CSL312 on Catheter-associated Blood Clot Formation in Subjects With Cancer Who Receive Chemotherapy Through a PICC Line).		
DB15630	Glumetinib	investigational	Glumetinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04270591 (Assess the Anti-tumor Activity and Safety of Glumetinib in Patient With Advanced C-met-positive Non-small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB15631	Edodekin alfa	investigational	Edodekin alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01468896 (Cetuximab and Recombinant Interleukin-12 in Treating Patients With Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck That Is Recurrent, Metastatic, or Cannot Be Removed by Surgery).		
DB15632	Zalifrelimab	investigational	Zalifrelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03894215 (Phase 2 Study of Anti-pd-1 Independently or in Combination With Anti-ctla-4 in Second-line Cervical Cancer).		
DB15633	Pabinafusp alfa	investigational	Pabinafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03568175 (A Study of JR-141 in Patients With Mucopolysaccharidosis II).		
DB15634	Temelimab	investigational	Temelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02782858 (Clinical Trial Assessing the HERV-W Env Antagonist Gnbac1 for Efficacy in MS).		
DB15635	Omburtamab	investigational	Omburtamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03275402 (131i-omburtamab Radioimmunotherapy for Neuroblastoma Central Nervous System/leptomeningeal Metastases).		
DB15636	Zilucoplan	investigational	Zilucoplan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04225871 (Open-label Extension of Zilucoplan in Subjects With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis).		
DB15637	Fluzoparib	investigational	Fluzoparib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03863860 (A Trial of Maintenance Treatment With Fluzoparib Versus Placebo in Relapsed Ovarian Cancer Patients).		
DB15638	Brensocatib	investigational	Brensocatib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03218917 (Assessment of INS1007 in Subjects With Non-cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis).		
DB15639	AMG-337	investigational	AMG-337 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03147976 (QUILT-3.036: AMG 337 in Subjects With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB15640	CDC-801	investigational	CDC-801 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00006097 (Chemotherapy in Treating Patients With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia).		
DB15641	Droloxifene	investigational			
DB15642	Molidustat	investigational	Molidustat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03350321 (A Study of Molidustat for Correction of Renal Anemia in Non-dialysis Subjects).		
DB15643	N-(2-Aminoethyl)-1-aziridineethanamine	experimental	First described in the literature in 2004, N-(2-Aminoethyl)-1-aziridineethanamine is an experimental angiotensin converting enzyme 2 inhibitor investigated for its use in treating cardiovascular disease and its activity against Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).[A192426]		
DB15644	Ochromycinone	investigational	Ochromycinone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01047943 (STA-21 Topical Efficacy on Psoriasis).		
DB15645	Dihydromyricetin	investigational	Dihydromyricetin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03606694 (Effect of Dihydromirycetin on Glycemic Control, Insulin Sensitivity and Insulin Secretion in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB15646	Fasitibant	investigational	Fasitibant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02205814 (Fasitibant Intra-articular Injection in Patients With Symptomatic Osteoarthritis of the Knee).		
DB15647	Ketodarolutamide	experimental	Ketodarolutamide, a nonsteroidal antiandrogen (NSAA), is the major active metabolite of [darolutamide].		
DB15648	Calcium oxide	experimental			
DB15649	Carbomer	experimental			
DB15650	Efpeglenatide	investigational	Efpeglenatide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03713684 (Efficacy and Safety of Efpeglenatide Versus Placebo in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Inadequately Controlled With Basal Insulin Alone or in Combination With Oral Antidiabetic Drug(s)).		
DB15651	Valomaciclovir stearate	investigational	Valomaciclovir stearate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00831103 (A Phase 2b Trial of EPB-348 for the Treatment of Herpes Zoster).		
DB15652	Ravidasvir	investigational	Ravidasvir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02961426 (Sofosbuvir Plus Ravidasvir for the Treatment of HCV Chronic Infection).		
DB15653	Islatravir	investigational	Islatravir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04233216 (Doravirine/islatravir (DOR/ISL) in Heavily Treatment-experienced (HTE) Participants for Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) Infection (MK-8591A-019)).		
DB15654	Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine	investigational	The Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine (mRNA-1273) is a novel mRNA-based vaccine encapsulated in a lipid nanoparticle that encodes for a full-length pre-fusion stabilized spike (S) protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a highly contagious infectious disease caused by the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, leading to a respiratory illness alongside other complications. COVID-19 has high interpatient variability in symptoms, ranging from mild symptoms to severe illness.[L28026] A phase I, open-label, dose-ranging clinical trial (NCT04283461) was initiated in March 2020 in which 45 subjects received two intramuscular doses (on days 1 and 29).[L12660] This trial was later followed by phase II and III trials, where the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine demonstrated vaccine efficacy of 94.1%.[L28026]On December 18, 2020, the FDA issued an emergency use authorization (EUA) for the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine as the second vaccine for the prevention of COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in patients aged 18 years and older, after the EUA issued for the [Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 Vaccine] on December 11, 2020. The Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine is administered as a series of two intramuscular injections, one month (28 days) apart. In clinical trials, there were no differences in the safety profiles between younger and older (65 years of age and older) study participants; however, the safety and effectiveness of the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine have not been assessed in persons less than 18 years of age.[L28026] On December 23, 2020, Health Canada issued an expedited authorization for the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine.[L28143]		
DB15655	Ad5-nCoV	investigational	Ad5-nCoV is a recombinant adenovirus type-5 vector (Ad5) vaccine currently being investigated for prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2.[L12675,L12678] It is being developed by CanSino Biologics Inc., in partnership with the Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, who in March 2020 announced the approval of a phase I clinical trial (ChiCTR2000030906)[L12675] with an expected completion in December 2020. The study will evaluate antibody response in healthy patients between the ages of 18 and 60 who will receive one of three study doses, with follow-up taking place at weeks 2 and 4 and months 3 and 6 post-vaccination.[L12678]		
DB15656	AZD1222	investigational	AZD1222 (previously known as ChAdOx1 nCoV-19) is a vaccine currently being investigated for prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2.[L12669] The ChAdOx1 viral vector was developed at the University of Oxford and has been investigated as a potential vector for vaccines against another human coronavirus, Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV).[A192822,L12672] The ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 vaccine, produced in a partnership between The University of Oxford's Jenner Institute and Italian pharmaceutical manufacturer Advent Srl, consists of an attenuated adenovirus capable of producing the spike (S) protein of SARS-CoV-2, allowing for the formation of endogenous antibodies against these proteins and, consequently, against SARS-CoV-2.[L12672]A phase I/II single-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to investigate the safety, efficacy, and immunogenicity of the vaccine began in March 2020 with an expected completion date of May 2021.[L12669] The trial is taking place in the UK, where the vaccine will be administered intramuscularly to healthy adult volunteers between the ages of 18 and 55.[L12669]		
DB15657	Ala-geninthiocin	experimental	Ala-geninthiocin is a novel thiopeptide antibacterial compound derived from marine _Streptomyces_ species.[A192840] It has exhibited potent _in vitro_ activity against gram-positive bacteria including _Staphylococcus aureus_, _Bacillus subtilis_, _Mycobacterium smegmatis_, and _Micrococcus luteus_.[A192840]		
DB15658	2-chloro-4,5-dimethylphenol	experimental			
DB15659	alpha,alpha-Dibromo-D-camphor	experimental			
DB15660	N4-Hydroxycytidine	experimental	N4-Hydroxyctidine, or EIDD-1931, is a ribonucleoside analog which induces mutations in RNA virions.[A193008,A193011] N4-hydroxycytidine was first described in the literature in 1980 as a potent mutagen of bacteria and phage.[A193023] It has shown antiviral activity against Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus,[A193008] and the human coronavirus HCoV-NL63 _in vitro_.[A193017] N4-hydroxycytodine has been shown to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 as well as other human and bat coronaviruses in mice and human airway epithelial cells.[A193014] It is orally bioavailable in mice and distributes into tissue before becoming the active 5’-triphosphate form, which is incorporated into the genome of new virions, resulting in the accumulation of inactivating mutations.[A193011] In non-human primates, N4-hydroxycytidine was poorly orally bioavailable.[A193026] A [remdesivir] resistant mutant mouse hepatitis virus has also been shown to have increased sensitivity to N4-hydroxycytidine.[A193014] The prodrug of N4-hydroxycytidine, [EIDD-2801], is also being investigated for its broad spectrum activity against the coronavirus family of viruses.[A193014]		
DB15661	EIDD-2801	experimental	EIDD-2801 is the isopropylester prodrug of [N4-hydroxycytidine].[A193014,A193026] With improved oral bioavailability in non human primates, it is hydrolyzed _in vivo_, and distributes into tissues where it becomes the active 5’-triphosphate form.[A193026] The active drug incorporates into the genome of RNA viruses, leading to an accumulation of mutations known as viral error catastrophe.[A193029] Recent studies have shown EIDD-2801 inhibits replication of human and bat coronaviruses, including SARS-CoV-2, in mice and human airway epithelial cells.[A193014] A [remdesivir] resistant mutant mouse hepatitis virus has also been shown to have increased sensitivity to N4-hydroxycytidine.[A193014]		
DB15662	Myristyl glyceryl ether	experimental			
DB15663	Grapefruit oil	experimental			
DB15664	Vitamin K7	experimental			
DB15665	SEP-363856	investigational	SEP-363856 is a novel psychotropic drug being investigated for the treatment of schizophrenia.  Unlike other drugs used for this condition, SEP-363856 does not bind to the dopamine D2 receptors, but exerts actions on the trace amine–associated receptor 1 (TAAR1) and 5-hydroxytryptamine type 1A (5-HT1A).[A193506] SEP-363856 was developed by Sunovion pharmaceuticals.[L12891] An initial clinical study has shown this drug may be effective against both positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Negative symptoms of schizophrenia are more difficult to treat and may include flattened affect, anhedonia,  and social withdrawal. Additional clinical trials of SEP-363856 are required to confirm the safety and efficacy of this drug.[A193506]		
DB15666	Iodopropynyl butylcarbamate	experimental			
DB15667	Bacillus amyloliquefaciens	experimental			
DB15668	Silver oxide	experimental			
DB15669	Fezolinetant	investigational	Fezolinetant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04234204 (A Study to Find Out if Fezolinetant Helps Reduce Moderate to Severe Hot Flashes in Women in Asia Going Through Menopause).		
DB15670	Gusacitinib	investigational	Gusacitinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02550678 (A Study of the Efficacy and Safety of ASN-002 in Adult Patients With Low-risk Nodular Basal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB15671	Besifovir	investigational			
DB15672	Rilematovir	investigational	Rilematovir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04056611 (Effects of JNJ-53718678 in Adult and Adolescent Participants Who Had a Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation and Who Are Infected With Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)).		
DB15673	Lenacapavir	investigational	Lenacapavir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04150068 (Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Lenacapavir in Combination With an Optimized Background Regimen in Heavily Treatment Experienced Participants Living With HIV-1 Infection With Multidrug Resistance).		
DB15674	Sisunatovir	investigational	Sisunatovir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04267822 (Study of RV521 in the Treatment of Adult Subjects Who Have Undergone HCT With an URTI With RSV).		
DB15675	Baloxavir	investigational	Baloxavir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04327791 (Combination Therapy With Baloxavir and Oseltamavir 1 for Hospitalized Patients With Influenza (The COMBO Trial 1)).		
DB15676	Balstilimab	investigational			
DB15677	Polyaminopropyl biguanide	experimental			
DB15678	Calcium undecylenate	approved,experimental			
DB15679	Aluminum subacetate	approved,experimental			
DB15680	Neisseria meningitidis group A capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved			
DB15681	Neisseria meningitidis group C capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved			
DB15682	Neisseria meningitidis group Y capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved			
DB15683	Neisseria meningitidis group W-135 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen	approved			
DB15684	2,3-dichloro-5,6-dicyanobenzoquinone	experimental			
DB15685	Selpercatinib	approved,investigational	Selpercatinib is a kinase inhibitor with enhanced specificity for RET tyrosine kinase receptors (RTKs) over other RTK classes.[A202055, A202052, L13604] Enhanced RET (Rearranged during transfection) oncogene expression is a hallmark of many cancers. Although multikinase inhibitors, including [cabozantinib], [ponatinib], [sorafenib], [sunitinib], and [vandetanib], have shown efficacy in RET-driven cancers, their lack of specificity is generally associated with substantial toxicity. Selpercatinib (LOXO-292) and pralsetinib (BLU-667) represent the first generation of specific RET RTK inhibitors for the treatment of RET-driven cancers.[A202049, A202055, A202052, L13604]Although selpercatinib is currently still under investigation in clinical trial NCT04211337, it was granted accelerated FDA approval on May 8, 2020, for specific RET-driven cancer indications. It is currently marketed under the brand name RETEVMO™ by Loxo Oncology Inc.[L13604]		
DB15686	GS-441524	experimental	GS-441524 is an adenosine nucleotide analog antiviral, similar to [remdesivir].[A203057,L13239] This molecule was patented in 2009.[L13775] _In vitro_ studies of GS-441524 have determined it has a higher EC<sub>50</sub> than remdesivir against a number of viruses, meaning GS-441524 is less potent.[A203057,A203057] GS-441524 continues to be studied in the treatment of Feline Infectious Peritonitis Virus, a coronavirus that only infects cats.[A198840]		
DB15687	Tridecactide	investigational	Tridecactide, also known as alpha-corticotropin 1-13, is a deacetylated and deaminated alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone, which may have antipyretic, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial effects.[A203210] Tridecactide, along with [metenkefalin], are under investigation as an immunomodulatory therapy for moderate to severe COVID-19.[L13874,L13877]		
DB15688	Vazegepant	investigational	Vazegepant is an antagonist of the calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor currently in phase 3 trials in an intranasal formulation for the treatment of migraine. If FDA approved, it will join other previously-approved "-gepant" drugs [rimegepant] and [ubrogepant] as an additional treatment alternative for patients with migraine, particularly those for whom traditional triptan therapy has proven ineffective.On April 15th, 2020, a phase 2 clinical trial (NCT04346615: Safety and Efficacy Trial of Vazegepant Intranasal for Hospitalized Patients With COVID-19 Requiring Supplemental Oxygen)[L13868] began to investigate the use of intranasally administered vazegepant to combat the acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) sometimes seen in patients with COVID-19. Acute lung injury activates the release of CGRP, which plays a role in the development of ARDS - CGRP antagonists, then, may help to blunt the significant inflammation associated with COVID-19.[L13886] The clinical trial is expected to complete in September 2020.[L13868]		
DB15689	Azoximer bromide	investigational	Azoximer bromide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04381377 (Efficacy and Safety of Polyoxidonium® in Hospitalized Patients With Coronavirus Disease COVID-19).		
DB15690	Fluoroestradiol F-18	approved	Fluoroestradiol F-18 is an imaging agent used with positron emission tomography (PET) to detect estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer lesions.[L14096] The ability to image ER-positive tumors _in vivo_ is advantageous in that, while helping to visualize tumor progression/regression, it may also be used to assess for heterogeneity in ER expression across metastases (i.e. to identify sites that no longer express ER) without the need for multiple biopsies.[A203912]Fluoroestradiol F-18 was first granted FDA approval in May 2020, and will be developed by PETNET Solutions, Inc. and Zionexa USA under the brand name Cerianna.[L14117] It is expected to be available in late 2020/early 2021.[L14117]		
DB15691	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 REGN-COV2	investigational	Anti-SARS-COV-2 REGN-COV2 is a combination of novel antibodies designed by Regeneron for both the prevention and treatment of SARS-COV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.  This drug is a combination of the antibodies REGN10933 and REGN10987, derived from humanized VelocImmune®  mice in addition to blood samples from patients who have recovered from COVID-19.  These antibodies have been formulated to bind to multiple locations on the SARS-COV-2 spike protein, preventing viral escape.[L14303] Two upcoming publications in the journal, _Science_, will provide additional information about preclinical research with the Anti-SARS-COV-2 REGN-COV2 antibody cocktail.[L14306]Clinical trials for this drug started on June 11, 2020. Regeneron's clinical trial will study the effects of this drug on hospitalized COVID-19 patients, symptomatic COVID-19 patients (non-hospitalized), and uninfected individuals at high-risk of infection, including contacts of an infected individual.[L14303]		
DB15692	COVID-19 convalescent plasma	investigational	COVID-19 convalescent plasma is plasma collected from patients who have acquired and subsequently recovered from COVID-19 and which contains antibodies against the causative agent SARS-CoV-2.[L14333] This investigational COVID-19 treatment is currently available through three main pathways: use in registered clinical trials, use through the expanded access COVID-19 protocol (21 CFR 312.305), and use for single patients through an emergency IND (eIND; 21 CFR 312.310).[L14333]Although there are no formal clinical trial results for the safety or efficacy of COVID-19 convalescent plasma, early results from 5000 patients under the FDA expanded access program suggest that convalescent plasma transfusion in COVID-19 patients is safe.[A214316]		
DB15693	INO-4800	investigational	INO-4800 is a DNA vaccine containing the full sequence for the SARS-CoV-2 Spike (S) protein in development for immunization against COVID-19.[A214475] Early _in vitro_ studies using HEK-293T cells demonstrated that the transfection of INO-4800 results in the expression of S protein by human cells.[A214475, A214478] Follow up studies in both BALB/c mice and Hartley guinea pigs demonstrated the ability of INO-4800 to induce both humoral and T cell-mediated immunity against SARS-CoV-2, including in the lungs. Furthermore, the antibodies produced were capable of inhibiting the binding of SARS-CoV-2 to the ACE2 receptor, which is thought to be critical for host cell entry.[A214475]A Phase 1 clinical trial for INO-4800 in the U.S. (NCT04336410) was started on April 3, 2020, with an expected completion date of July 2021.[L14372] A Phase 1/2 clinical trial through South Korea's Seoul National University Hospital was announced on June 4, 2020, and expected to start later in the month.[L14375]		
DB15694	Cedazuridine	approved,investigational	Myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) are a group of hematopoietic neoplasms that give rise to variable cytopenias progressing to secondary acute myeloid leukemia (sAML), which is invariably fatal if untreated.[A215082, A215092, A215097] Hypomethylating agents such as [decitabine] and [azacitidine] are used to treat MDS through inducing DNA hypomethylation and apoptosis of cancerous cells.[A215127, L14897] Although effective, these compounds are rapidly metabolized by cytidine deaminase (CDA) prior to reaching systemic circulation when administered orally, necessitating intramuscular or intravenous administration routes.[A215107, A215112, A215117, A215127] Cedazuridine is a fluorinated tetrahydrouridine derivative specifically designed to inhibit CDA and facilitate oral administration of hypomethylating agents.[A215107, A215112, A215117, A215127, L14897]Cedazuridine was first reported in 2014,[A215107] and was subsequently approved by the FDA on July 7, 2020, in combination with [decitabine] for sale by Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc under the name INQOVI®.[L14897]		
DB15695	BNT162b1 SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine	investigational	BNT162b1 is one of four advanced mRNA-based vaccines being developed through "Project Lightspeed," a joint program between Pfizer and BioNTech.[L15002, L15007] BNT162b1 is a nucleoside modified mRNA (modRNA) vaccine encoding the receptor-binding domain (RBD) of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein together with a "foldon" trimerization domain derived from T4 fibritin to increase immunogenicity.[L15012] The modRNA is formulated in lipid nanoparticles for delivery via intramuscular injection.[L15007, L15012] Early results from a phase 1/2 study in 45 healthy adult volunteers demonstrated RBD-binding immunoglobulin levels and 50% serum neutralizing titers higher than those observed in [COVID-19 convalescent plasma] 28 days after initial immunization of either 10 or 30μg of BNT162b1, with further improvements following a second dose.[L15012]BNT162b1 is undergoing further evaluation in clinical trials in both the USA (NCT04368728) and Germany (NCT04380701).[L15017, L15022] BNT162b1 received fast track designation by the FDA on July 13, 2020.[L15027]		
DB15696	Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 Vaccine	approved,investigational	The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine (Tozinameran, INN), also known as BNT162b2, is one of four advanced mRNA-based vaccines developed through "Project Lightspeed," a joint program between Pfizer and BioNTech.[L15002, L15007] Tozinameran is a nucleoside modified mRNA (modRNA) vaccine encoding an optimized full-length version of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) spike (S) protein. It is designed to induce immunity against SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for causing COVID-19.[L15002] The modRNA is formulated in lipid nanoparticles for administration via intramuscular injection in two doses, three weeks apart.[A225386,L15007]Tozinameran is undergoing evaluation in clinical trials in both the USA (NCT04368728) and Germany (NCT04380701).[L15017, L15022] Tozinameran received fast track designation by the U.S. FDA on July 13, 2020.[L15027]  On December 11, 2020, the FDA issued an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) based on 95% efficacy in clinical trials and a similar safety profile to other viral vaccines over a span of approximately 2 months.[A225386] Tozinameran was granted an EUA in the UK on December 2, 2020,[L26676] and in Canada on December 9, 2020[L26671] for active immunization against SARS-CoV-2.[L26996]Currently, sufficient data are not available to determine the longevity of protection against COVID-19, nor direct evidence that the vaccine prevents the transmission of the SARS-CoV-2 virus from one individual to another.[L26956]  Fact sheets for caregivers, recipients, and healthcare providers are now available.[L26966,L26976]		
DB15697	BNT162a1 SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine	investigational	BNT162a1 is one of four advanced mRNA-based vaccines being developed through "Project Lightspeed," a joint program between Pfizer and BioNTech.[L15002, L15007] BNT162a1 is a uridine mRNA (uRNA) vaccine formulated in lipid nanoparticles for delivery via intramuscular injection.[L15002, L15007]BNT162a1 is undergoing evaluation in clinical trials in both the USA (NCT04368728) and Germany (NCT04380701).[L15017, L15022]		
DB15698	BNT162c2 SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine	investigational	BNT162c2 is one of four advanced mRNA-based vaccines being developed through "Project Lightspeed," a joint program between Pfizer and BioNTech.[L15002, L15007] BNT162c2 is a self-amplifying mRNA (saRNA) vaccine formulated in lipid nanoparticles for delivery via intramuscular injection.[L15002, L15007]BNT162c2 is undergoing evaluation in clinical trials in both the USA (NCT04368728) and Germany (NCT04380701).[L15017, L15022]		
DB15699	Brexucabtagene autoleucel	approved	Mantle cell lymphoma is a heterogeneous sub-category of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma that can be classified as either an aggressive nodal or an indolent leukemic non-nodal variant. Despite the introduction of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitors such as [ibrutinib] and [acalabrutinib], the prognosis for MCL patients remains poor and those that relapse following BTK inhibitor therapy have few treatment options.[A216153, A216158]More recently, chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapies have been developed that modify a patient's own T cells using viral transduction to bind to and destroy cancerous cells. These therapies differ in manufacturing methodology, viral vector, chimeric antigen choice, and the internal co-stimulatory domains of the chimeric antigen.[A216188] Similar to [axicabtagene ciloleucel], brexucabtagene autoleucel employs a murine anti-CD19 single-chain variable fragment (scFv) linked to internal CD28- and CD3ζ-derived co-stimulatory domains.[A216148, A216163, L15148] However, the preparation of brexucabtagene autoleucel, previously referred to as KTE-X19, uses a method of T cell enrichment that decreases the prevalence of CD19-expressing tumour cells in the CAR T cell preparation.[L15148]Brexucabtagene autoleucel was granted accelerated approval for the treatment of relapsed and refractory MCL by the FDA on July 24, 2020, and is currently available through Kite Pharma Inc. under the tradename TECARTUS.[L15148]		
DB15700	Influenza A virus A/Hawaii/70/2019 (H1N1) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15701	Influenza A virus A/Minnesota/41/2019 (H3N2) recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15702	Influenza B virus B/Washington/02/2019 recombinant hemagglutinin antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15703	Influenza A virus A/Guangdong-Maonan/SWL1536/2019 CNIC-1909 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15704	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/2671/2019 IVR-208 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15705	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/2454/2019 IVR-207 (H1N1) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15706	Influenza B virus B/Victoria/705/2018 BVR-11 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15707	Influenza A virus A/Nebraska/14/2019 (H1N1) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15708	Influenza A virus A/Delaware/39/2019 (H3N2) antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15709	Influenza B virus B/Darwin/7/2019 antigen (MDCK cell derived, propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15710	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/2671/2019 NIB-121 (H3N2) antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15711	Influenza A virus A/Victoria/2454/2019 IVR-207 (H1N1) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15712	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/2671/2019 IVR-208 (H3N2) antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15713	Influenza B virus B/Victoria/705/2018 BVR-11 antigen (propiolactone inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15714	Influenza A virus A/Guangdong-Maonan/SWL1536/2019 CNIC-1909 (H1N1) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15715	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/2671/2019 NIB-121 (H3N2) antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15716	Influenza B virus B/Washington/02/2019 antigen (UV, formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15717	Theralizumab	investigational	Theralizumab is a humanized anti-CD28 monoclonal antibody designed for treating autoimmune diseases and cancer. After the first human trial, it was withdrawn due to severe toxicity (likely due to lymphopenia and human cytokine release).[A216527,A216532]		
DB15718	Bamlanivimab	approved,investigational	Bamlanivimab (LY-CoV555, also known as LY3819253), is a synthetic monoclonal antibody (mAb) derived from one of the first blood samples in the United States from a patient who recovered from COVID-19.[A224039, L15311, L15316] Bamlanivimab is a neutralizing IgG1κ mAb directed against the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) protein, which is described to block viral entry into human cells.[A224039, L15311, L15316, L20979] AbCellera initially discovered bamlanivimab in collaboration with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), and subsequently further developed it in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company. Bamlanivimab consists of two identical light chains of 214 amino acids and two identical heavy chains of 455 amino acids each; the Fc region is unmodified.[L20979] Bamlanivimab is produced in Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cells.[L20979] Based on phase 2 clinical trial (BLAZE-1) interim results, bamlanivimab was granted Emergency Use Authorization by the FDA on November 10, 2020.[A224044, L20974] It is set to enter phase 3 clinical trials.[L15316, L15321]		
DB15719	Belantamab mafodotin	approved	Belantamab mafodotin, or GSK2857916, is an afucosylated monoclonal antibody that targets B cell maturation antigen conjugated to the microtubule distrupter monomethyl auristatin-F (MMAF).[A216756]Belantamab mafodotin was granted FDA approval on 5 August 2020.[L15326]		
DB15720	Zinc orotate	experimental			
DB15721	Natural Killer Cell	investigational	Natural Killer (NK) cells originate and differentiate from hematopoietic stem cells through various signalling pathways involving cytokines and interleukins. These cells arise from CD34+ lymphoid progenitors and comprise 10-15% of all lymphocytes in human peripheral blood. Once completely differentiated, NK cells lack B (CD19-) and T(CD3-) lymphocyte markers and carry their unique CD56+ status instead. The two maturate variants of NK cells are CD56dim and CD56bright, which exert cytotoxicity through release of toxic chemicals and cytokine secretion, respectively. NK Cells express features of innate immune responses, and respond to all molecules that appear to be foreign to the body. The most standard and utilized source of NK cells is directly from the peripheral blood of a donor through leukapheresis: a technique where immune cells are separated from red blood cells. Generally, the number of NK cells collected in the peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) is too low for sufficient potency, and ex vivo expansion is performed. Expansion involves the use of feeder cell line systems or bioreactors to enhance the number of NK cells with desired cytotoxicity. These cells are also purified using cell-separation systems and processing.Other techniques involve using umbilical cord blood (UCB) directly; these NK cells have heterogeneous CD56 expression but are considered suitable for immunotherapy. It is also possible to culture UCB CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) under stimulation of IL-2, IL-15, and stem cell factor (SCF) in a system to develop NK cells. Induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) and human embryonic stem cells (HESCs) are also used to generate NK cells through a two-step culture method resulting in CD34+ cells.		
DB15722	CYNK-001	investigational	CYNK-001 is a novel allogenic off-the-shelf natural killer (NK) cell therapy originating from human placental CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells and enriched with CD56+/CD3-.		
DB15723	Umbilical Cord Blood Hematopoietic Stem Cells	investigational	The use of umbilical cord blood (UCB) for therapies is advantageous because of its ease of access, non-invasive collection procedures, and more plasticity for multi-differentiation. UCB contains a large source of hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) that are capable of self-renewal, have increased sensitivity to various factors, and are able to generate erythroid and myeloid progenitor colonies. Specifically, the proliferation capacity of human umbilical cord blood mononuclear progenitor cells (HUCBC) are much higher than similar cells in bone marrow. From the UCB, mononuclear cells are isolated and cultured in medium, expanded, and differentiated into the desired cell type. HUCBC CD34+ cells are cultured with various cytokines and interleukins to give rise to various cell types, from red blood cells, to  B-, T-,  and Natural Killer Cells. The content of these cells depends and changes based on the gestational age. Because HUCBC are largely immature, do not express class II HLA antigens, and do not produce as many cytokines and immunoglobulins as adult lymphocytes, transplantation with these cells means low levels of cytotoxicity and immunological reactions.Cord blood transplants have been used to treat conditions from aplastic anemia, B-thalassemia, X-linked lymphoproliferative syndrome, Hunter’s syndrome, acute lymphoid leukemia, chronic myeloid leukemia, to neuroblastoma. This highlights the adaptive nature of these cells.		
DB15724	Human umbilical cord blood mononuclear cell-conditioned medium	investigational	Transplantation with human umbilical cord blood mononuclear cells (HUCBC) has demonstrated promising results in various disease states. While some of the positive results are credited to HUCBCs’ differentiation potential, the growth factors and cytokines these cells secrete are also implicated. When HUCBCs secrete growth factors and anti-inflammatory cytokines, they are thought to reduce inflammation and associated damage. Thus, the media in which they are cultured is believed to also have therapeutic potential.  After the human umbilical cord mononuclear cells are extracted from the umbilical cord, they are expanded and cultured in Dulbecco’s modified Eagle’s medium. Then, the medium is filtered and separated from the HUCBCs.		
DB15725	IL15-NK Cell	investigational	Natural killer (NK) cells can be incubated with ‘feeder cells’ expressing certain cytokines prior to maturation to enhance their activity. In particular, incubation with IL-15 allows NK cells to lyse a broad range of fresh and cultured tumor targets that the cell is not normally sensitive to.		
DB15726	Human Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal Stem Cells	investigational	Stem cells obtained from amniotic fluid, the umbilical cord (UC), and placenta are gaining in popularity. Stem cells from the umbilical cord offer several advantages, including: non-invasive collection procedures, more hearty and steady growth than bone-marrow derived stem cells (they can maintain a steady doubling time (DT) over up to 10 passages), higher differentiation capability, and faster self-renewal. These cells express low levels of major histo-compability complex (MHC) class I, and generally lack MHC class II and its co-stimulatory ligands like CD40, CD80, and CD86. Thus, they are characterized with low immunogenicity. The umbilical cord, which starts developing in the fifth week of gestation, contains different compartments where stem cells originate: the cord lining, Wharton’s jelly, and perivascular region. UC mesenchymal cells derived from Wharton’s jelly are the most studied and offer more stable and better osteogenic and adipogenic differentiation potentials. The cells are extracted by either the explant or the enzymatic digestion method, though neither method has been characterized as the ‘standard’ thus far. The explant method requires manual mincing of the tissue fragments and results in an inconsistent number of extracted MSCs. In contrast, the enzymatic digestion method uses enzymes to break down the non-required cell fragments, and results in more consistent cell numbers. Regardless of extraction method, the cells are usually expanded in vitro in laboratories using culture systems and bioreactors. The cord lining of the UC is generally isolated with the explant method -- resulting in two kinds of MSCs: cord lining mesenchymal stem cells (CLMC), which are used to aid in burn and diabetic ulcer wound healing, and cord lining epithelial stem cells (CLEC), which are used for persistent corneal epithelial defects and skin improvements.Currently many companies are creating their own version of these stem cells, one of which is by Aspire, who are creating a version named ACT-20.		
DB15727	NKG2D-ACE2 CAR-NK Cell	investigational	These cells are prepared as universal off-the-shelf CAR-NK cells from cord blood with NKG2D-ACE2 proteins engineered as part of the CARs; the cell secretes IL-15 and GM-CSF. Chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) are artificial receptors consisting of an antibody-derived antigen binding domain and transmembrane and signaling domains from T-cell receptor signalling moieties. First used with autologous human T cells (CAR-T) as cancer immunotherapies, these receptors are now being engineered onto natural killer (NK) cells due to lower potential for graft-versus-host disease and cytokine release syndrome. The IL-15 superagonist increases the activity of NK cells and improves their target cytotoxicity. The GM-CSF acts as a neutralizer for the CAR-T cell-mediated cytokine release and neurotoxicity. The transmembrane NKG2D and intracellular 2B4 domains are required for optimal NK signalling and subsequent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. The ACE2 is a receptor for SARS-Cov-2, binding to the S-protein of the viral envelope and competitively inhibiting SARS-Cov-2 infection of type II alveolar epithelial cells.		
DB15728	Allogenic Human Umbilical Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Conditioned Media	investigational	Umbilical-cord derived MSCs are currently being tested for numerous clinical applications due to their immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory properties. In comparison to bone-marrow derived MSCs, these cells are more resilient, easier to extract, and generally regarded as less immunogenic. The condition medium (CM) derived from these MSCs has also been implicated in therapeutic properties. Once MSCs are isolated from the tissue through extraction procedures, they are cultured in the Dulbecco’s Modified Eagle’s Medium (DMEM) to separate soluble factors into the liquid.Many companies are creating their own version of this medium. One of these companies, Aspire, has created their own product, ACT-20 Conditioned Medium as a product for testing.		
DB15729	Adipose-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells: Autologous or Allogeneic Origins	investigational	Adipose mesenchymal stem cells (AMSCs) are MSCs derived from adipose tissue, which is more accessible and less painful than stem cells extracted from most other sources. Autologous stem cells are those derived from a patient’s own cells while allogeneic stem cells are derived from that of a donor. Lipoaspiration, also known as liposuction, is a possible method for extraction. This is followed by purification and expansion of the cells in vitro. These AMSCs are multipotent, with the capability of forming different tissues, some of which include bone, muscle, neural, and chondrocyte. This explains why AMSCs have been utilized in repairing craniofacial bone defects. They also have potential in treatment of scarred vocal folds.		
DB15730	Placental Mesenchymal Stem Cells	investigational	The placenta serves many purposes, with one of the many being a bank of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs). It can be obtained relatively easily as medical waste from which MSCs can be non-invasively extracted and without the ethical issues that come with embryonic stem cells. The placental MSCs (pMSCs) are obtained from either the fetal side, which hold chorionic plate-derived MSCs, or the maternal side, which contributes decidual parietalis-dreived MSCs. Although pMSCs have multi-lineage differentiation potential, the fetal-side pMSCs have greater expansion capacity, proliferation and differentiation potential than maternal-side pMSCs. It was also found that fetal-side pMSCs express different surface markers.		
DB15731	Allogenic Donor CD362-enriched Human Umbilical Cord-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells	investigational	ORBCEL-C™ is the trade name of a product composed of highly purified stromal cells derived from the human umbilical cord. The isolated cells are expanded in culture and are able to be used allogenically -- meaning that one donor’s cells can be given to other unrelated patients. These cells are CD362 enriched umbilical cord-derived mesenchymal stem cells (UC-MSCs); UC-MSCs share stemness markers with both embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and adult mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs); this feature allows them to be hypoimmunogenic and non-inducible for tumorigenesis.  Regarding the modifications of these UC-MSCs, CD362, also known as syndecan-2, is a surface marker identified on MSCs with enhanced clonogenicity and immunomodulatory properties. Enrichment of CD362 expression in MSCs is being investigated for its role in immune modulation of injured tissue.		
DB15732	FT516	investigational	FT516 is an investigational and engineered off-the-shelf natural killer (NK) cell therapy originating from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC). This compound expresses a high-affinity 158V, CD16 (hnCD16) Fc receptor that has an enhanced binding ability to tumor-targeting antibodies, and is resistant to downregulation. FT516 is currently being tested against acute myeloid leukemia, B-cell lymphoma, and solid tumors in combination with other compounds. It is also a potential therapy for COVID-19.		
DB15733	Lactobacillus Coryniformis K8	investigational	Lactobacillus is a common bacteria found in the gut with Lactobacillus coryniformis K8 being originally isolated from artisan goat cheese.		
DB15734	Human Embryonic Stem Cell-derived M Cell	investigational	CAStem is composed of immunity- and matrix-regulatory cells (IMRCs), also known as M cells, which can be administered through injection. These IMRCs are differentiated from human embryonic stem cells that are expanded and then harvested. These cells are currently being investigated against lung injury and fibrosis -- conditions which are outcomes of lung disorders including COVID-19. IMRCs are similar to MSCs in terms of their capacity for self-renewal and tri-lineage differentiation. However, the difference comes with IMRCs displaying a higher quality of consistency, having stronger immunomodulatory and anti-fibrotic functions, and being stronger in potential treatment of lung injury and fibrosis.		
DB15735	Virus Specific T-Cell	investigational	Virus Specific T-Cells (VSTs) are a target therapy that are generated for specific viral antigens. These products are generated from virus-naive or virus-experienced autologous or allogenic sources. Antigens identified as an immune target are presented by antigen-presenting cells (APCs) to T-cells along with other molecules that stimulate their growth and activation. These T-cells are then isolated from the donor and expanded in a culture to generate more VSTs. In some cases, the cells are created from blood samples of patients who have recovered from viral infections.		
DB15736	Recombinant Human Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme 2	investigational	The recombinant human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (rhACE2) is a recombinant and soluble glycosylated form of human ACE2. This recombinant version of the enzyme has antihypertensive and potential antineoplastic activities.		
DB15737	Dental Mesenchymal Pulp Stem Cells	investigational	Dental pulp is a soft, connective tissue present in the dental crown of both third molar and first premolar teeth. Dental pulp stem cells (DPSCs) exhibit fibro-blast like plasticity and adherent properties. They are harvested through surgical extraction of wisdom teeth from adults; this procedure is favoured as it is non-invasive, easily accessible, and allows for an alternate use of teeth that are usually discarded. DPSCs can remain stable in media once extracted, and have a high proliferation and regeneration capacity. DPSCs have multiple properties, and express surface antigens like CD90, CD29, and CD105 but not CD14 or CD45. They also express specific pluripotency markers like MYC and SOX2 which can be absent in other MSCs. These cells have innate neurogenic potential as their origins are traced to the embryonic neural crest; there is potential for these cells to create neurons and glial cells. In addition, they are able to differentiate into chondrocytes, adipocytes, and odontoblasts under appropriate conditions.		
DB15738	Human Menstrual Blood-derived Stem Cells	investigational	Stem cells are self-renewing and proliferate without differentiation, with the two major groups being embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and adult stem cells (ASC). Differentiation occurs under different conditions into different cell types. ESCs are from the inner cell mass of blastocysts while ASCs are deposited into adult tissues with restricted differentiation potency but also a lack of tumorigenicity.Menstrual blood-derived stem cells (MenSCs) are mesenchymal-like ASCs which are non-invasively derived from menstrual blood from the shed endometrium of a human female. These cells possess a high rate of proliferation and multi-lineage differentiation potency. MenSCs are special compared to older methods of adult stem cell extraction such as bone marrow stem cell extraction because MenSC extraction is a non-invasive method. Because this is a non-invasive way to obtain stem cells, it is simple and easy to obtain the stem cells with an absence of ethical issues that may come from obtaining stem cells of the embryonic kind.		
DB15739	Mesenchymoangioblast-derived mesenchymal stem cells	investigational	Mesenchymoangioblast (MCA)-derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) originate from the mesoderm and are a common precursor for endothelial cells. When activated with fibroblast growth factor-2 (FGF-2), MCAs create colonies with specific phenotypes. These cells are then able to differentiate into bone, cartilage, and adipose tissue. The MCA-derived MSCs can be obtained from induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) and then expanded in media. These cells have advantage over other MSCs because a large amount can be obtained from a single healthy blood donor, negating the risks from donor-and expansion dependent variability. These cells are used to treat chronic allergic airway disease and fibrosis, among other pathologies.		
DB15740	Allogenic Pooled Olfactory Mucosa-derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells	investigational	Human olfactory mucosa-derived mesenchymal stem cells (OM-MSCs) reside in an accessible location of the nasal cavity and have properties of multipotency and high proliferation, which contributes to high potential for regenerative medicine. In humans, OM-MSCs are derived from the olfactory mucosa which is collected in vivo through rhinoscopy techniques and nasal forceps. OM-MSCs are also immunomodulatory and have potential for treating immunological diseases. Currently, OM-MSCs does not have wide application as there is not yet a standard and unambiguous protocol for OM-MSC collection, isolation, and therapeutic application.		
DB15741	Recombinant Bacterial ACE2 Receptors-like Enzyme	investigational	B38-CAP is structured as a carboxypeptidase and derived from _Paenibacillus sp._ The molecule, an Angiotensin Converting Enzyme 2 (ACE2)-like enzyme, shares structural similarities to the mammalian ACE2. B38-CAP is an ACE2-like enzyme which decreases angiotensin II levels. It is being investigated for treating hypertension, myocardial fibrosis, and cardiac dysfunction.		
DB15742	MultiStem	investigational	MultiStem is an intravenously-administered, off-the-shelf proprietary product developed which comprises Multipotent Adult Progenitor Cells (MAPCs). Like mesenchymal stem cells, MAPCs are derived from bone-marrow stroma and are non-hematopoietically adherent. They have immunomodulatory and pro-angiogenic properties while also being mostly non-immunogenic. Additional benefits of MultiStem include their low immunogenicity, meaning they can be administered without tissue matching or concurrent immunosuppressive agents. The cells for creation of the product are isolated from a qualified donor and expanded on a large scale and then frozen until use. After administration, the cells are cleared from the body over time. Currently, MultiStem is being investigated against neurological, inflammatory, immune, and cardiovascular diseases and conditions.		
DB15743	Stem-cell derived exosome vesicle products	investigational	Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) exert their therapeutic effects through multiple modalities, including paracrine factors such as exosomes. Exosomes are nanometer-sized, membrane-bound vesicles secreted for the purpose of cell-cell communication. Once secreted into extracellular fluid, exosomes are taken up by their target cells or carried to distant target sites. Various bioactive molecules (including lipids, proteins, mRNAs, and tRNAs) are used to enrich exosomes. While many contain a conserved set of proteins, they also carry unique tissue type-specific proteins. These products originate from multiple cellular types, including immunocytes, tumor cells, and mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) originating from various tissues. Exosomes from MSCs carry cytokines and growth factors, like TGFB1, IL-6, IL-10, and hepatocyte growth factor (HGF); all are shown to be immunomodulatory. These exosomes can also consist of VEGF and matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) which aid in angiogenesis and tissue repair.		
DB15744	CAP-1002	investigational	Cardiosphere-derived cells (CDCs) are derived from human neonatal heart tissue with a distinct antigenic profile (CD105+, CD45-, and CD90low). They exert their effects by secreting exosomes: nanometer-sized, membrane-bound vesicles used for the purpose of cell-cell communication. CDCs target multiple cytokine pathways associated with poor outcomes (e.g. TNFa, IFN-y, IL-1B, and IL-15). The anti-inflammatory effects of CDC work through polarizing macrophages and restoring tissue function.		
DB15745	Washed Microbiota Transplantation	investigational	Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is effective in enhancing the gut microbiota of patients experiencing a high range of disease states, including Clostridioides difficile (C. diff) infection, Crohn’s disease, and ulcerative colitis. Washed microbiota preparation (WMT) involves a method wherein FMT is used, but the preparation undergoes microfiltration through an automatic purification system combined with repeated centrifugation and suspension. Fecal particles, parasite eggs, fungus and other potentially harmful things are removed. The resulting suspension is shown to decrease FMT-related adverse events.		
DB15746	Recombinant Human Plasma Gelsolin	investigational	Plasma gelsolin (pGSN) is a protein found in the blood of healthy individuals which scavenges compounds left over from damaged tissues.		
DB15747	CoviGlobulin	investigational	CoviGlobulin, a rabbit polyclonal antibody, was specifically designed as a potential therapy for COVID-19. Rabbit polyclonal antibodies are derived from the rabbit, a common animal host for polyclonal production. The antibodies themselves are produced in response to an immunogen and derived from antibody-producing plasma cells that were once B-cell clones. Different antibodies have different mechanisms of action depending on their target. Current applications of antibodies include, but are not limited to, targeting cancer, inflammatory diseases, organ transplantation, cardiovascular disease, infection, respiratory disease, and ophthalmologic disease.		
DB15748	Viral Macrophage-Inflammatory Protein	investigational	Viral macrophage inflammatory protein-II (vMIP) is a highly basic protein and human chemokine analog encoded by human herpesvirus-8. The structure of vMIP consists of 71 residues and is a monomer under most conditions. It helps its virus evade the host immune system through selectively blocking and activating different receptors, preferentially inhibiting acute Th1-associated inflammation while also upregulating Th2 associated immune response.		
DB15749	Interferon Kappa	investigational	Interferon kappa is a subclass of type I interferon mediating host defence which consists of 207 amino acids and has 30% homology with others of the same class as it consists of a series of cysteine and a 27-amino acid signal peptide conserved in type I interferons. This gene encoding for this interferon is expressed in human epidermal keratinocytes.		
DB15750	Trefoil Factor 2	investigational	The trefoil factor 2 (TFF2) peptide is a low-molecular weight protein and one of the three trefoil-motif-containing proteins. They are expressed predominantly in gastric tissues with the source for them being predominantly stromal cells, although expression of TFF2 mRNA transcripts also occurs with tissue macrophages. The peptides themselves are most abundant in mucous cells of the gastric mucosa with TFF2 being detected in mucous layers over the tissue.		
DB15751	MRx-4DP0004	investigational	MRx-4DP0004 is a lyophilised formulation of the Bifidobacterium breve strain of commensal bacteria. It is a live biotherapeutic derived from the microbiota of a healthy human infant.		
DB15752	Recombinant Super-Compound Interferon	investigational	Recombinant super-compound interferon (rSIFN-co) is a recombinant version of interferon alpha with modified spatial configuration. This interferon has antiviral and antitumor activity.		
DB15753	Interferon Gamma	investigational	Interferon gamma is a Type 1 inflammatory cytokine and the only type II interferon. It has antitumor properties, antiviral activities, and important immunoregulatory functions. The interferon is primarily produced by activated T lymphocytes and natural killer cells.		
DB15756	Influenza A virus A/Hawaii/66/2019 (H1N1) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15757	Influenza A virus A/Hong Kong/2671/2019 (H3N2) live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15758	Influenza B virus B/Washington/02/2019 live (attenuated) antigen	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15759	Metronidazole benzoate	experimental			
DB15760	Cobaltous sulfate	experimental			
DB15761	Sulbactam pivoxil	experimental			
DB15762	Satralizumab	approved	Satralizumab is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody targeted against human interleukin-6 (IL-6) receptors, similar to [tocilizumab], which is produced in Chinese hamster ovary cells and based on an IgG2 framework.[L15536] Satralizumab is used in the treatment of neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD), a rare autoimmune inflammatory disorder of the central nervous system (CNS) involving demyelinating lesions in the optic nerve, spinal cord, brainstem, and cerebrum.[A218551] Some of the pro-inflammatory mechanisms involved in NMOSD are thought to be mediated, at least in part, by IL-6, including increased production of anti-aquaporin-4 (AQP4) autoantibodies and increased permeability of the blood-brain barrier, which allows for the passage of pro-inflammatory mediators into the CNS.[A218546,A218551] Satralizumab is thought to exert its therapeutic benefits by blocking IL-6 receptors and, subsequently, these inflammatory responses.Enspryng®, a satralizumab formulation developed by Chugai Pharmaceutical and Roche,[L15536] is uniquely formulated with "recycling antibody technology" whereby the association of satralizumab to IL-6 receptors occurs in a pH-dependent manner[A218551] - this allows satralizumab to bind an IL-6 receptor until it reaches an endosome, after which the drug may dissociate from the receptor and move back into the plasma to act again. This novel mechanism effectively increases the duration of action of satralizumab, as it allows for single drug molecules to interact with multiple endogenous IL-6 receptors prior to elimination.Satralizumab was first approved for use in Canada in June 2020 for the treatment of AQP4 antibody-positive patients with NMOSD.[A218551] It received subsequent approvals in Switzerland and Japan,[A218551] and was approved for use by the FDA in August 2020,[L15566] becoming the 3rd treatment to receive FDA approval for NMOSD (after [eculizumab] in June 2019 and [inebilizumab] in June 2020).		
DB15763	Iron polymaltose	experimental			
DB15764	Benzyl nicotinate	experimental			
DB15765	Sintilimab	investigational			
DB15766	Retifanlimab	investigational			
DB15767	AMP-224	investigational			
DB15768	MEDI0680	investigational			
DB15769	Envafolimab	investigational			
DB15770	Cosibelimab	investigational			
DB15771	AUNP-12	investigational			
DB15772	CA-170	investigational	CA-170 is a selective, small molecule inhibitor of PD-L1.		
DB15773	anti-OX40 antibody BMS 986178	investigational	A macrocyclic peptide (BMS-986189) with activity in binding and functional assays comparable to a PD-L1 antibody.		
DB15774	beta-Escin	experimental			
DB15775	Algestone acetophenide	experimental			
DB15776	Anise oil	experimental			
DB15777	Fluocortolone pivalate	experimental			
DB15778	Hydrogen iodide	experimental			
DB15779	Mebrofenin	approved,experimental			
DB15780	Mertiatide	experimental			
DB15781	Hu-rhEGF-rP64k/Mont	investigational	Hu-rhEGF-rP64k/Mont is a therapeutic vaccine composed by an antigen (recombinant human EGF (rhEGF) chemically conjugated to recombinant P64K (rP64K)) and an adjuvant (Montanide ISA51VG) being investigated for the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).		
DB15782	Cetyl palmitate	experimental			
DB15783	Pargeverine	experimental			
DB15784	Carmoterol	experimental			
DB15785	Myrtecaine	experimental			
DB15786	Maritime pine extract	experimental			
DB15787	AZD7442	investigational	AZD7442 is a combination of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies (AZD8895 + AZD1061) currently undergoing phase I clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of COVID-19.[L15596]  It was developed by AstraZeneca with the goal of conferring at least 6 months of protection against COVID-19 - a significantly longer window of efficacy than that of other vaccines.[L15591]		
DB15788	Influenza B virus B/Phuket/3073/2013 BVR-1B antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)	approved	A seasonally-specific component of the influenza vaccine. The influenza vaccine, also known as the "flu shot", is a vaccine that protects against infection from the influenza viruses. Vaccines provide protection from influenza by exposing the immune system to the virus (or parts of the virus) which stimulates an immunological defence against future exposure to the virus, or "antigen". This defence includes the production of humoral immunity through the development of antibodies (through memory B cells) and of cell-mediated immunity through the production of T-lymphocytes. Upon re-exposure to infectious influenza virus, the immune system is prepared to identify and destroy the virus as there are circulating antibodies that recognize that particular component of the virus that it was previously exposed to.There are two basic types of vaccines available: inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV) and live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV). Inactivated vaccines contain a virus particle that has been grown in media and then subsequently killed, or inactivated, through exposure to heat or chemicals such as formaldehyde 3. Inactivated virus cannot replicate, and therefore cannot cause disease from infection, even in immunocompromised individuals. In contrast, live vaccines are produced from "wild-type" or disease-causing viruses that have been attenuated, or weakened, through various laboratory techniques. Live vaccines maintain their replicative ability.		
DB15789	Alpinia officinarum leaf	experimental			
DB15790	Mecloxamine	experimental			
DB15791	MK-0668	experimental			
DB15793	Zinc phenolsulfonate	approved,experimental			
DB15794	Solcoseryl	investigational			
DB15795	Adiphenine hydrochloride	withdrawn			
DB15796	GC-376 free acid	experimental	GC-376 is a 3C-like protease (3CL<sup>pro</sup> or M<sup>pro</sup>) inhibitor that stops the cleavage and activation of functional viral proteins required for replication and transcription in host cells[A219036]. The compound is known as a direct acting antiviral (DAA) for coronaviruses, and was initially developed using structure-guided design to combat MERS-Cov infections[A219036,A219056]. In addition, GC-376 displays potent activity against various coronaviruses such as feline, ferret, and mink M<sup>pro</sup> coronavirus[A219026,A219031,A219036,A219041]. A prodrug of [GC-373], GC-376 has recently been used to test inhibition of SARS-Cov-2 M<sup>pro</sup> _in vitro_, and results show potent inhibition of this target[A219036]. These results suggest that GC-376, and its metabolites may have therapeutic potential for Covid-19.		
DB15797	GC-373	experimental	GC-373 is a peptide aldehyde which is metabolized from the bisulfide adduct, [GC-376 free acid][A219031,A219036]. It is an inhibitor of M<sup>pro</sup> (otherwise known as 3CL<sup>pro</sup>), a viral encoded protease that cleaves and activates functional proteins involved in viral replication and transcription[A219036]. GC-373 has been shown to inhibit the M<sup>pro</sup> target in various coronavirus strains, including feline, mink, and ferret M<sup>pro</sup> [A219041]. Along with its prodrug, GC-376, GC-373 was recently investigated _in vitro_ in cell culture against SARS-Cov-2 M<sup>pro</sup> [A219036]. The results showed potent inhibition of the target, suggesting that GC-373 holds therapeutic potential for Covid-19[A219036].		
DB15798	Mycobacterium w. Vaccine	investigational	The Mycobacterium w (M.w) vaccine is a heat-killed suspension derived from a non-pathogenic mycobacterium: mycobacterium indicus pranii. As an immunotherapy, M.w is used against leprosy; the compound also shares antigens with M. tuberculosis. Its use has shown clinical improvement, rapid bacterial clearance, and enhanced immune responses to Mycobacterium leprae antigens. M.w immunization activates macrophages and lymphocytes upon administration. It has protective efficacy against M. tuberculosis and M. leprae. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15799	LNP-nCoVsaRNA Vaccine	investigational	LNP-nCoVsaRNA is a purified, synthetic mRNA vaccine candidate encoding the S glycoprotein of SARS-CoV-2, which is used primarily by the virus to attach to and invade human cells. The vaccine was developed in and tested by the Medical Research Council Clinical Trials Unit at UCL in the UK, and jointly funded by UK Research and Innovation. As of July 2020, a clinical trial (COVAC1) is underway (ISRCTN17072692) to test the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine.		
DB15800	VA-MENGOC-BC®	investigational	VA-MENGOC-BC is a meningococcal B and C vaccine and an outer membrane vesicle (OMV)-based vaccine. The OMVs contain over 100 proteins, and are derived from meningococcal group B and capsular polysaccharide of meningococcal group C. As there already exists a polysaccharide-based vaccine against meningococcal disease originating from serogroups A,C,W135, and Y, this vaccine was created for use against serogroups B and C. This vaccine causes induction of bactericidal antibodies with broad cross-reactivity. Novel antigens such as γ-glutamyltranspeptidase, exopolyphosphatase, and a cell-binding factor protein were also identified with administration of this vaccine by a study. This vaccine may also induce moderate protection against N. gonorrhoeae. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15801	VPM1002	investigational	The bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccine protects against severe extrapulmonary forms of tuberculosis (TB) but does not adequately protect against pulmonary TB -- the most prevalent form of TB. This recombinant BCG, VPM1002, has been created in response and investigated for preventing pulmonary TB in newborns and TB recurrence in adults through post-exposure immunization. Currently, this recombinant vaccine has been found to be more efficacious and safer than BCG in preclinical studies. VPM1002 is a recombinant BCG vaccine candidate expressing listeriolysin and deficient in urease that is generated in the genetic background of BCG Prague as it has a better safety profile than some other BCG versions due to the lack of the RD2 genome segment. This vaccine’s urease C gene is replaced with the listeriolysin O encoding gene from Listeria monocytogenes. By reducing urease C, phagosome acidification can occur, promoting phagolysosome fusion while also providing the optimal low pH for listeriolysin O stability. VPM1002 facilitates mycobacterial antigens being released into the cytosol while also triggering autophagy, inflammasome activation, and apoptosis, because of antigens and bacterial DNA being released into the cytosol of the host cell due to Listeriolysin O expression in this vaccine. Mycobacterial antigen accessing the cytosol also improves antigen presentation. The ability for mycobacterial antigens to reach the cytosol is due to this vaccine being engineered to secrete Hly which perforates phagosomal membranes. Because Hly is only active at an acidic pH, similar to listeriolysin O, the deletion of urease C was also beneficial for Hly to have optimal bioactivity in the phagosome. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15802	AV-COVID-19	investigational	AV-COVID-19 is a vaccine composed of autologous dendritic cells loaded with SARS-CoV-2 antigens and with or without Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF).The vaccine is created from the receiving patients’ isolated peripheral blood monocytes. The monocytes are then differentiated in vitro into dendritic cells with IL-4 and GM-CSF, incubated with SARS-CoV-2 antigens prior to administration. The vaccine was developed and tested by Aivita Biomedical, Inc.. As of July 2020, the company is pursuing an adaptive Phase IB-II Randomized Clinical Trial (NCT04386252)  to test the vaccine.		
DB15803	Dendritic cells vaccine	investigational	The recombinant chimeric DC vaccine is a subunit-based vaccine candidate investigated for safety and effectiveness against SARS-CoV-2-induced pneumonia. With a better safety profile than inactivated and live-attenuated virus and virus-vector vaccines, the recombinant chimeric DC vaccine reduces the risk of virulence recovery, pre-existing anti-vector immunity, and incomplete viral inactivation. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15804	LV-SMENP Vaccine	investigational	LV-SMENP-DC is a vaccine candidate being developed by Shenzhen Geno-Immune Medical Institute that comprises dendritic cells that are modified with lentiviral vector-expressing synthetic minigene which are based on domains of selected viral proteins. This vaccine is also administered with antigen-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs). As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15805	SCB-2019	investigational	SCB-2019 is a recombinant trimeric S protein subunit vaccine candidate being investigated against COVID-19. This vaccine candidate resembles the native trimeric viral spike and is produced through mammalian cell-culture. The vaccine was developed and tested by Clover Biopharmaceuticals AUS Pty Ltd.. As of June 2020, the company is pursuing a randomized, double blind, placebo controlled study (NCT04405908) to test the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine.		
DB15806	CoronaVac	investigational	CoronaVac, previously known as PiCoVacc, is a SARS-CoV-2 purified, inactivated, and adsorbed vaccine candidate developed by SinoVac Biotech Corporation[A219758]. It was developed by propagating the SARS-CoV-2 CN2 strain inside Vero Cells and inactivating it with B-propiolactone[A219481;A219758]. In preclinical trials, PiCoVacc induced SARS-CoV-2-specific neutralizing antibodies in rats, mice, and the rhesus macaque. The antibodies were found to neutralize 10 representative SARS-CoV-2 strains. As of August 2020, the vaccine is being tested in numerous human clinical trials assessing its safety and immunogenicity.		
DB15807	BBIBP-CorV	investigational	BBIBP-CorV vaccine contains a SARS-CoV-2 strain inactivated inside Vero Cells. Investigation shows this vaccine induces neutralizing antibodies in several mammalian species while also showing protective efficacy with SARS-CoV-2 challenge in rhesus macaques[A219763]. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15808	CIGB 2020 Vaccine	investigational	CIGB 2020 is a vaccine candidate administered nasally and sublingually, working to strengthen immunity in the areas administered. The vaccine was developed and tested by the Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (CIGB), in Havana Cuba. As of July, 2020, a Randomized control clinical trial (RPCEC00000306) is underway to evaluate prophylaxis potential in suspected contacts of Covid-19 patients.		
DB15809	CIGB-258 peptide	investigational	CIGB-258 is a peptide that is immunoregulatory and derived from heat shock protein 60 of the cellular variant. As of 2020, The Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (CIGB) in Havana, Cuba, is testing the treatment efficacy of this peptide in patients with COVID-19 who are under intensive therapy regimens (RPCEC00000313).		
DB15810	NVX-CoV2373	investigational	NVX-CoV2373 is a SARS-CoV-2 rS vaccine candidate and was shown to have high immunogenicity in studies. The vaccine is created from the genetic sequence of COVID-19 and the antigen derived from the virus spike protein is generated using recombinant nanoparticle technology. The vaccine was developed and tested by Novavax. As of May 2020, the company is pursuing a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT04368988) to test the vaccine.		
DB15811	BacTRL-spike	investigational	BacTRL-Spike is composed of a bacterial medium with colony-forming-units of live Bifidobacterium longum engineered to deliver synthetic DNA encoding spike protein from SARS-CoV-2 contained by plasmids. The vaccine was developed by Symvivo Corporation. As of June, 2020,  the company is pursuing a Phase 1, Randomized, Observer-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial (NCT04334980) to test the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine.		
DB15812	V-SARS	investigational	[COVID-19 convalescent plasma] is currently being acquired from recovered COVID-19 patients and used as prophylaxis for the virus. This therapeutic concept was applied to the development of V-SARS, which heat inactivates the plasma, and packages it into a once-daily pill form. Immunitor Inc., the sponsor, is currently testing this oral vaccine for immunogenicity in 20 healthy volunteers in a Phase 1 clinical trial (NCT04380532).		
DB15813	Covid-19 Coronavirus Artificial Antigen Presenting Cell Vaccine	investigational	Through analysis of potential immunogenic targets of the SARS-Cov2 genome, a synthetic ‘minigene’ was developed using domains of viral structural proteins and a polyprotein protease. Specifically, the COVID-19 infection relies on the binding of the Spike protein to an ACEII receptor, and with the described approach, the vaccine uses these engineered minigenes to express viral proteins, modify artificial antigen presenting cells (aAPC), and activate T-cells. As of August 2020, this vaccine is being tested for prophylaxis against COVID-19 in human clinical trials.		
DB15814	COVID19 s-vax loaded autologous dendritic cell vaccine	investigational	Dendritic cells (DCs) can be derived and differentiated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells in the presence of specific cytokines and growth factors. These cells are then loaded with antigens produced by a virus or tumor cell and administered as a vaccine. Dendritic Cells (DCs) are showing potential as natural adjuvants for vaccines due to their ability to both prime and boost cell responses; they are considered the most powerful antigen-presenting cells, and are able to present antigens through costimulatory signals required for activation of CD4+ and CD8+ T-cells. DC-based vaccines are currently used in cancer therapeutics, and are being tested for COVID-19. The rationale is that loading a DC cell with SARS-Cov-2 antigens and administering it as a vaccine can induce a more prolific immune response. This vaccine was developed and tested by Beijing TIL Therapeutics. As of May 2020, the company is pursuing a human clinical trial (ChiCTR2000033003) to test the safety and immunogenicity of the vaccine.		
DB15815	Boldo leaf extract	approved,experimental	Boldo leaf extract allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.		
DB15816	Calcium monoethylfumarate	experimental			
DB15817	Magnesium monoethylfumarate	experimental			
DB15818	Zinc monoethylfumarate	experimental			
DB15819	Potassium aspartate	experimental			
DB15820	Hemicellulase	experimental			
DB15821	Fluocortolone caproate	experimental			
DB15822	Pralsetinib	approved,investigational	Pralsetinib, similar to the previously approved [selpercatinib], is a kinase inhibitor with enhanced specificity for RET tyrosine kinase receptors (RTKs) over other RTK classes.[A202055, A219751, L15986] Enhanced RET (Rearranged during transfection) oncogene expression is a hallmark of many cancers, including non-small cell lung cancer. Although multikinase inhibitors, including [cabozantinib], [ponatinib], [sorafenib], [sunitinib], and [vandetanib], have shown efficacy in RET-driven cancers, their lack of specificity is generally associated with substantial toxicity.[A202055] Pralsetinib (BLU-667) and [selpercatinib] (LOXO-292) represent the first generation of specific RET RTK inhibitors for the treatment of RET-driven cancers.[A202049, A202055, L15986]Although a phase 1/2 trial of pralsetinib termed ARROW (NCT03037385) is still ongoing, pralsetinib was granted accelerated FDA approval on September 4, 2020, for the treatment of metastatic RET-fusion positive non-small cell lung cancer. It is currently marketed under the brand name GAVRETO™ by Blueprint Medicines.[L15986]		
DB15823	Lactobacillus acidophilus	approved,experimental			
DB15824	Ferrimannitol ovalbumin	experimental	Ferrimannitol-ovalbumin (FMOA) is an adduct between ovalbumin and the complex Fe(III)-mannitol.		
DB15825	Dihydroxyaluminum sodium carbonate	experimental			
DB15826	Oxerutins	experimental			
DB15827	Ciclonium bromide	experimental			
DB15830	Ruscogenin	experimental			
DB15831	alpha-Keto-beta-methylvaleric acid	experimental			
DB15832	Desmeninol	experimental			
DB15833	alpha-Keto-isoleucine	experimental			
DB15834	Lecithin	experimental	A complex mixture of phospholipids, glycolipids, triglycerides, phosphatidylcholines, phosphatidylethanolamines, and phosphatidylinositols.		
DB15835	Desonide sodium phosphate	experimental			
DB15836	Cedar leaf oil	experimental			
DB15838	Orthosiphon aristatus leaf	approved,experimental			
DB15839	Hawthorn leaf with flower	experimental			
DB15840	Pine tar	approved,experimental			
DB15841	Potassium metabisulfite	experimental			
DB15842	Sodium metabisulfite	experimental			
DB15843	CVnCoV Vaccine	investigational	The CVnCov Vaccine (or CV07050101) is in development by CureVac AG. The vaccine uses mRNA technology to create a protein associated with SARS-CoV2, and upon administration and replication, to initiate subsequent immune responses in the body. As of June 2020, the company received regulatory approval from German and Belgian Authorities to commence Phase 1 clinical trials of this vaccine (NCT04449276).		
DB15844	CVnCoV	investigational	The CVnCov Vaccine (or CV07050101) is in development by CureVac AG. The vaccine uses mRNA technology to create a protein associated with SARS-CoV2, and upon administration and replication, to initiate subsequent immune responses in the body. As of June 2020, the company received regulatory approval from German and Belgian Authorities to commence Phase 1 clinical trials of this vaccine (NCT04449276).		
DB15845	COVID-19 Nucleocapsid-GM-CSF Protein Lactated Ringer's Injection	investigational	As of July 2020, Medicine Invention Design, Inc. is sponsoring a small, controlled clinical trial for the COVID-19 AP TP Vaccine for ‘proof of concept.’ The vaccine utilizes granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF), a cytokine known to enhance vaccine efficacy through prolongation of humoral and cell immunity.		
DB15846	Covax-19™	investigational	Covax-19™, a protein-based vaccine, was developed through partnership between APC and Vaxine. It uses an insect-cell-produced recombinant SARS-CoV-2 spike protein and Vaxine’s adjuvant, Advax-SM. This adjuvant is designed to circumvent high fevers, fatigue, and aches experienced with other vaccines using more traditional adjuvants. Covax-19™ was tested in animal studies, and shown to achieve potent antibody and T-cell responses against the COVID-19 spike protein. As of June 2020, the vaccine is in Phase 1 trials to evaluate safety and immune responses (NCT04428073). Phase 2 and 3 trials are planned for September 2020, and the vaccine is expected to launch early in 2021.		
DB15847	BBV152	investigational	BBV152 is a vaccine candidate created by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). The candidate, a whole virion inactivated SARS-CoV-2 vaccine, was developed from a well-known SARS-CoV-2 strain and a vero cell platform (CCL-81) with adjuncts of either aluminum hydroxide gel (Algel) or a novel TLR7/8 agonist adsorbed gel. The components of the vaccine include BBV152A, BBV152B, and BBV152C. Animal studies in mice, rats, and rabbits reported BBV152 immunogenicity at two separate antigen concentrations with both types of adjuvants. The formulation with the TLR7/8 adjuvant specifically induced significant Th1 biased antibody responses and increased SARS-CoV-2 lymphocyte responses. Thus, as of July 2020, BBV152 is in Phase 1/2 clinical trials assessing safety and immunogenicity in humans (NCT04471519).		
DB15848	Gam-COVID-Vac	investigational	Gam-COVID-Vac was created by Gamaleya Research Institute of Epidemiology and MIcrobiology in Russia. The vaccine candidate is a heterologous COVID-19 vaccine containing two components, recombinant adenovirus type 26 (rAd26) vector and recombinant adenovirus type 5 (rAd5) vector which both carry the SARS-CoV-2 spike glycoprotein. The vaccine is offered in both a frozen (Gam-COVID-Vac) and freeze-dried formulation (lyophilizate; Gam-COVID-Vac Lyo). Phase 1/2 human trials with 76 participants evaluated the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of both frozen (Gam-COVID-Vac;NCT04436471) and freeze-dried (Gam-COVID-Vac Lyo;NCT04437875) vaccine candidates in June 2020, and were completed in early August 2020. Preliminary results suggested that all participants developed antibodies to the SARS-CoV-2 glycoproteins with a good safety profile in both trials.		
DB15849	SARS-CoV-2 Sclamp	investigational	The University of Queensland (UQ), in partnership with The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedeness Inovations (CEPI) and CSL has developed a COVID-19 candidate, SARS-CoV-2 Sclamp. The vaccine was developed using UQ’s rapid response ‘molecular clamp’ vaccine platform that locks surface proteins in a configuration that allows more robust immune responses, in combination with a well-established adjuvant technology, MF59, from Seqirus. The SARS-CoV-2 Sclamp Vaccine was developed within 3 weeks and moved immediately into preclinical testing through partnership with Dutch company, Viroclinics Xplore. Preclinical trials showed the vaccine candidate produced high levels of neutralizing antibodies, and induced a strong T-cell response. As of July 13, 2020, the candidate is being tested for safety and immunogenicity in Phase 1 clinical trials in Queensland (ACTRN12620000674932). TetraQ, Australian National University (ANU), the University of Melbourne, and the Peter Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity are also involved in the clinical component.		
DB15850	IMM-101	investigational	IMM-101 is a heat-inactivated immune-activating mycobacterial product. It has shown to be safe and well tolerated to complement conventional cancer therapy for patients with melanoma and pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma[A220013,A220018,A220023]. Studies with IMM-101 showed the vaccine’s ability to stimulate cancer patients’ immune systems to help kill cancer cells. As of July 2020, researchers from the Ottawa Hospital and Queen’s University, in partnership with the Canadian Cancer Society-funded Canadian Cancer Trials Group (CCTG), are conducting a trial in over 1500 participants to evaluate the vaccine’s protective effects on cancer patients from severe COVID-19 infection (NCT04442048).		
DB15851	IMM101	investigational	IMM-101 is a heat-inactivated immune-activating mycobacterial product. It has shown to be safe and well tolerated to complement conventional cancer therapy for patients with melanoma and pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma [PMID: 21930686; PMID: 30107850; PMID: 27599039]. Studies with IMM-101 showed the vaccine’s ability to stimulate cancer patients’ immune systems to help kill cancer cells. As of July 2020, researchers from the Ottawa Hospital and Queen’s University, in partnership with the Canadian Cancer Society-funded Canadian Cancer Trials Group (CCTG), are conducting a trial in over 1500 participants to evaluate the vaccine’s protective effects on cancer patients from severe COVID-19 infection (NCT04442048).		
DB15852	Coronavirus-Like Particle COVID-19 Vaccine	investigational	The Coronavirus-Like Particle COVID-19 Vaccine is in development and testing through Meidcago in Quebec City, Canada. The vaccine was developed by creating SARS-Cov-2 virus-like particles (CoVLPs), which mimic the structure of the virus without carrying the genetic components required for infection. VLPs are thought to have multiple mechanisms involving the immune system which engage both humoral and cellular responses. In July 2020, Medicago partnered with Dynavax to test the vaccine with its adjuvant, Cpg 1018 (also known as [ISS-1018]), meant to provide an enhanced immune response to the vaccine. In addition, Medicago partnered with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) to test its adjuvant, AS03. A Phase 1 clinical trial was launched in July 2020 evaluating the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of this vaccine candidate with or without either Cpg 1018 or AS03 (NCT04450004) in adults aged 18-55 years.		
DB15853	RUTI® Vaccine	investigational	The RUTI® Vaccine contains fragmented, purified and liposomed heat-inactivated Mycobacterium tuberculosis bacilli. The vaccine has demonstrated a reasonable safety profile and potent stimulation of the immune response against tuberculosis. Much like the BCG vaccine, the RUTI® vaccine is also being tested as a prophylactic for SARS-CoV2. Sponsored by Fundació Institut Germans Trias i Pujol, the RUTI® Vaccine is being tested for prevention of COVID-19 infection in a controlled trial with 315 healthcare worker participants (NCT04453488).		
DB15854	MVC-COV1901	investigational	MVC-COV1901 is a vaccine candidate developed and commercialized by Medigen Vaccine Biologics Corporation. The vaccine candidate contains a perfusion form of the SARS-Cov2 recombinant spike protein. Medigen has combined forces with Dynavax, which offers an advanced adjuvant, CpG 1018 (also known as [ISS-1018]), for use with its vaccine. As of September 2020, the vaccine candidate is in Phase 1 clinical trials to assess its safety and immunogenicity (NCT04487210).		
DB15855	SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine	investigational	SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine (ARCoV)  is a novel mRNA coronavirus vaccine that consists of a lipid nanoparticle-encapsulated mRNA encoding the receptor binding domain of SARS-CoV-2[A220048]. It is the first COVID-19 mRNA vaccine to be approved for clinical trials in China, and was co-developed by Abogen Biosciences, Walvax Biotechnolgoy Co., Ltd. and the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) Academy of Military Sciences. Preclinical studies in mice and non-human primates has shown that intramuscular administration of ARCoV elicited a Th1-biased cellular response and robust antibodies against SARS-CoV-2[A220048]. Manufactured as a liquid, ARCoV is thermostable at room temperature for at least 1 week. As of July 2020, the vaccine candidate is set for Phase 1 clinical trials to investigate for safety, tolerance, and immunogenicity (ChiCTR2000034112).		
DB15856	AG0301-COVID19	investigational	AG0301-COVID19 is a vaccine candidate developed by AnGes Inc. and Osaka University. The candidate is a plasmid DNA vaccine developed using an intradermal gene transfer method targeting the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. The gene transfer method increases the efficiency of gene expression and antibody production capability, garnering a more efficient DNA vaccine product. On September 8, 2020 AnGes announced collaboration with Brickell Biotech, Inc. following completion of Phase 1/2 clinical studies (NCT04463472).		
DB15857	Ad26.COV2.S	investigational	Ad26.COV2.S is a lead recombinant vaccine candidate that contains an adenovirus serotype 26 (Ad26) vector expressing a stabilized SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. The vaccine was created in collaboration with Johnson and Johnson (J&J), Janssen Pharmaceutical, and the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. This vaccine lead candidate uses Janssen’s AdVac® and PER.C6® technologies. A preclinical study in hamsters infected with SARS-COV-2 infection[A220053] showed a single immunization with the vaccine elicited neutralizing responses and protected against SARS-CoV-2 induced pneumonia and mortality, providing protection against the disease progression. Follow up preclinical studies in rhesus monkeys[A220058] showed that the Ad26 vaccine produced a robust response and provided near perfect protection in nasal swabs and bronchoalveolar lavage following SARS-COV-2 challenge. As of June 2020, a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in adult humans was announced to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy of the ad26.COV.S vaccine in 1045 healthy adults between the ages of 18-55 (NCT04436276).		
DB15858	KBP-COVID-19	investigational	The KBP-201 COVID-19 Vaccine was developed by British American Tobacco’s (BAT) U.S. biotech subsidiary, Kentucky BioProcessing (KBP). KBP cloned COVID-19’s genetic sequence, identified a potential antigen, and then inserted it into tobacco plants for reproduction. Upon harvest, the antigens were purified, and these components underwent preclinical testing in animals.  As of July 2020, KBP is conducting a Phase 1/2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of KBP-COVID-19 vaccine in healthy patients (NCT04473690).		
DB15859	NasoVAX	investigational	NasoVAX contains replication-deficient adenovirus vectors in suspension.  It is a vaccine administered through a nasal spray that expresses influenza hemagglutinin in nasal epithelial cells[L16313]. Created by Altimmune, Inc., NasoVAX is currently being developed for seasonal and pandemic use as it can activate humoral and cellular immune responses. The compound has already shown to be tolerated with no adverse effects or fever in healthy individuals with a nearly 6-fold cellular immune response in comparison to an injectable vaccine[L16313]. As of June 2020, NasoVAX is being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for safety and effectivness in preventing worsening symptoms in hospitalized COVID-19 patients (NCT04442230).		
DB15860	Cassia fistula fruit	experimental			
DB15861	Buthiazide	experimental			
DB15862	Inactivated SARS-Cov-2 Vaccine	investigational	Developed by Sinopharm's Wuhan Institute of Biological Products co., this vaccine consists of the WIV04 strain of SARS-CoV-2. This strain was isolated from a patient in Wuhan, cultivated in a Vero cell line, and then subsequently inactivated using B-propiolactone[A220158]. Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 1 (96 participants) and phase 2 (224 participants) were carried out in healthy adults between 18-59 years[A2201585]. Results from these trials showed low rates of adverse reactions and demonstrated immunogenicity[A220158]. Currently, the vaccine is being tested in Phase 3 clinical trial in Abu Dhabi (ChiCTR2000034780)[A219758].		
DB15863	Inactivated SARS-CoV-2 Vaccine (Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences)	investigational	The SARS-CoV-2 Inactivated Vaccine is a purified vaccine that contains multiple antigens from the virus and is inactivated in Vero Cells[A219758]. This vaccine specifically was developed in collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, West China Second University Hospital, and Yunan Center for Disease Control and Prevention. As of June, 2020, safety and Immunogenicity trials are currently underway for this vaccine (NCT04470609 & NCT04412538).		
DB15864	Oral Polio Vaccine	investigational	The oral polio vaccine (OPV) is a live attenuated virus containing a mixture of the three strains of poliovirus serotypes. Strains of the virus are selected based on their reduced incidence of spreading to the central nervous system but still having the ability to mimic the immune response that occurs after infection with the wild poliovirus[L16348]. The vaccine is created by weakening the wildtype before being placed into the oral vaccine. After administration, OPV strains extensively multiply in the intestinal tract, becoming widely spread in the community to immunize a sizable proportion of those unvaccinated in the population[A220163]. With administration, this vaccine prevents cases of paralytic poliomyelitis.The polio vaccine can be either administered in the inactivated form or the oral form, although both series comprises 4 doses and is also interchangeable in administration form so long all 4 doses are completed[A220168].		
DB15865	Pentaglobin	investigational	Pentaglobin, also known as IgM-enriched immunoglobulin, falls under a group of polyclonal immunoglobulin preparations.[A220173] It is comprised of [immunoglobulin G (IgG)](https://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00028) and immunoglobulin A (IgA) while also being enriched by immunoglobulin M (IgM).[L16353]		
DB15866	CK0802	investigational	CK0802 is an off-the-shelf product composed of allogeneic umbilical cord blood derived regulatory T-cells (T-Reg cells), which can be used intravenously and without HLA matching.[L16358] On the surface of these T-Reg cells, T-cell lung homing markers are expressed.		
DB15867	Autologous Non-Hematopoietic Peripheral Blood Stem Cells	investigational	Autologous non-hematopoietic peripheral blood stem cells have been created into a formulation for use in a clinical trial (NCT04473170) by the Abu Dhabi Stem Cells Center. The cells have the characterizations of CD90+, CD133+, Oct-4+, CD45-, and CD71-.[L16363]		
DB15868	Amniotic Epithelial Cells	investigational	Amniotic epithelial cells (AEC) are multipotent stem-like cells derived from the basement collagenous membrane of the human amnion, the layer of the placenta closest to the fetus.[A220183,T823] These cells are potential candidates for allogeneic cell therapy and regenerative medicine due to their potential for differentiation and multiplication.[A220183]		
DB15869	Platelet Lysate	investigational	Platelet lysate is an acellular compound composed of platelet proteins while also being void of cellular debris, thus making the lysate rich with growth factors.[A220188] It is extracted through lysis of the plasma membrane of platelets. Because white cell antigens are low in prepared lysate, there is a minimized likelihood of immune responses.		
DB15870	Probiorinse	investigational	Probiorinse is an intranasal probiotic treatment composed of a pre-mixed and buffered sinus irrigation solution that contains the probiotic bacteria Lactococcus lactis W136.[L16368] This strain of bacteria is said to have salubrious effects on the microbiome of the nasal cavity and sinuses.[A220193]		
DB15871	Human Amniotic Fluid	investigational	Human amniotic fluid is the liquid surrounding the human embryo and fetus.[L16373] Physically, the fluid provides protection through cushioning. Chemically, the fluid provides protection through its inherent antibacterial properties. The fluid contains carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, electrolytes, urea, immunoglobulins, growth factors, and vitamins.[L16373,L16378]		
DB15872	L-alpha-Glycerophosphorylethanolamine	experimental			
DB15873	Copper oxodotreotide Cu-64	approved	Copper Cu 64 dotatate is a newly approved Cu labeled somatostatin analog and has several advantages over <sup>68</sup>Ga-labeled somatostatin analogs for positron emission tomography (PET).[A220348] Copper Cu 64 dotatate has a longer half-life and can be produced once a day as opposed to several times a day, and lower positron energy lending to improved spatial resolution.[A220348] Further studies should be performed to compare the two tracers. Further, PET using Copper Cu 64 dotatate has been found to perform better than the current gold standard of single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) using 111In-DTPA-octreotide.[A220348] In a head-to-head trial, the former tracer detected twice as many lesions as the latter.[A220348]		
DB15874	Agalsidase alfa	approved	Agalsidase alfa is a recombinant human α-galactosidase A similar to [agalsidase beta]. While patients generally do not experience a clinically significant difference in outcomes between the two drugs, some patients may experience greater benefit with agalsidase beta.[A220228,A220233] Use of agalsidase beta has decreased in Europe, in favor of agalsidase alfa, after a contamination event in 2009.[A220343]Agalsidase alfa was granted EMA approval on 3 August 2001.[L16413]		
DB15875	1,3,5-Trimethoxybenzene	experimental			
DB15876	Haemophilus influenzae b polysaccharide-tetanus conjugate	approved			
DB15877	Cetyltrimethylammonium naproxenate	experimental			
DB15878	Molybdate	experimental			
DB15879	Polygeline	experimental			
DB15880	Dermatan sulfate	experimental			
DB15881	Clonazoline	experimental			
DB15882	Sulfamethylthiazole	experimental			
DB15883	Piroxicam cinnamate	experimental			
DB15884	Methylisothiazolinone	experimental			
DB15885	Methacetin methoxy-C-13	experimental			
DB15886	Carvasept	experimental			
DB15887	Fluorocholine F-18	experimental			
DB15888	Pipethanate	experimental			
DB15889	Senna leaf	experimental			
DB15890	RAPA-501-Allo	investigational	RAPA-501-ALLO is composed of T-cells extracted from healthy volunteers; these cells are then reprogrammed _ex vivo_ in a process that involves de-differentiation and re-differentiation.[L16483]		
DB15891	GX-19 Vaccine	investigational	The GX-19 vaccine is a DNA vaccine created by Genexine, Inc. Company in Gyeonggi, Korea[A219758]. As of June 2020, the vaccine candidate is undergoing Phase I and Phase IIa trials to determine dose levels for safety and efficacy[A219758,L16488].		
DB15892	ZYCOV-D	investigational	The ZYCOV-D vaccine candidate was developed by Cadila Healthcare Ltd. based in India[A219758]. The vaccine was developed using a DNA vaccine platform with a  non-replicating and non-integrating plasmid carrying the gene of interest[L16503]. Once the plasmid DNA is introduced into host cells and the viral protein is translated, it elicits a strong immune response, stimulating the humoral and cellular components of the immune system[L16503]. The DNA vaccine platform offers minimal biosafety requirements, more improved vaccine stability, and lower cold chain requirements[L16503]. Phase I clinical trials of this vaccine candidate were completed in July 2020, with the company reporting successful dosing and tolerance[A219758,L16493]. As of August, 2020 the candidate is in Phase II clinical trials[A219758].		
DB15893	CHO Cells Recombinant Vaccine	investigational	This vaccine candidate, developed in China, uses SARS-CoV-2 protein subunits that are entirely engineered, created, and secreted by Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cells[A219758]. The vaccine candidate is sponsored by Anhui Zhifei Longcom Biologic Pharmacy Co., Ltd. and is undergoing phase I clinical trials to evaluate safety and tolerability.		
DB15894	Glycyrrhiza uralensis root	experimental			
DB15895	XAV-19	investigational	XAV-19 is an intravenous antibody-based treatment targeted towards SARS-CoV-2 and other coronaviruses[L16553,L16558]. The therapy concept is based on [COVID-19 convalescent plasma]. However, rather than using human plasma, XAV-19 is a heterologous swine glyco-humanized polyclonal antibody that targets the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2[L16553,L16558]. The therapy offers three beneficial effects: the ability to neutralize the virus, reduce inflammatory responses, and the absence of aggravating reactions following treatment[L16563]. Xenothera has partnered with LFB, a pharmaceutical company, to develop XAV-19, and with Nantes University Hospital to test the treatment in patients[L16553,L16558]. As of July, 2020, the company is conducting a Phase 2 randomized clinical trial to define dosing safety and efficacy of XAV-19 (NCT04453384).		
DB15897	Etesevimab	investigational	Etesevimab (LY-CoV016, also known as JS016) is a fully human and recombinant monoclonal antibody that targets the SARS-CoV-2 surface spike protein receptor binding domain.[L16651,L16661]		
DB15898	Atoltivimab	approved	Ebola virus (EBOV) remains an important human pathogen within the _Ebolavirus_ genus, having been responsible for at least 17 known outbreaks with an average case fatality rate of 43.92%.[A221825] Immune therapy using monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) is becoming an increasingly attractive therapeutic method to combat infectious diseases due to its rapid development, low toxicity, and high specificity.[A222078] The chief surface target of EBOV particles is the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein, which also appears on the surface of EBOV-infected cells, offering opportunities for both neutralizing and cytotoxic (i.e. through Fc-mediated immune effector function) antibody effects to play a role in combatting EBOV infection.[A221825, A221830] A recent large-scale study elucidated that both neutralizing and Fc-mediated functions of antibodies were important for therapeutic benefit in animal models of EBOV infection.[A222078]INMAZEB™, formerly referred to as REGN-EB3, combines the three humanized IgG1κ mAbs Atoltivimab (REGN 3470), [Odesivimab] (REGN 3471), and [Maftivimab] (REGN 3479) in equimolar proportions. All three mAbs bind to a distinct portion of the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein and collectively provide neutralizing and Fc-mediated immune effector function against EBOV _in vitro_ and protection against EBOV infection _in vivo_. INMAZEB™ is produced by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and was granted FDA approval on October 14, 2020.[L17320]		
DB15899	Maftivimab	approved	Ebola virus (EBOV) remains an important human pathogen within the _Ebolavirus_ genus, having been responsible for at least 17 known outbreaks with an average case fatality rate of 43.92%.[A221825] Immune therapy using monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) is becoming an increasingly attractive therapeutic method to combat infectious diseases due to its rapid development, low toxicity, and high specificity.[A222078] The chief surface target of EBOV particles is the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein, which also appears on the surface of EBOV-infected cells, offering opportunities for both neutralizing and cytotoxic (i.e. through Fc-mediated immune effector function) antibody effects to play a role in combatting EBOV infection.[A221825, A221830] A recent large-scale study elucidated that both neutralizing and Fc-mediated functions of antibodies were important for therapeutic benefit in animal models of EBOV infection.[A222078]INMAZEB™, formerly referred to as REGN-EB3, combines the three humanized IgG1κ mAbs Maftivimab (REGN 3479), [Odesivimab] (REGN 3471), and [Atoltivimab] (REGN 3470) in equimolar proportions. All three mAbs bind to a distinct portion of the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein and collectively provide neutralizing and Fc-mediated immune effector function against EBOV _in vitro_ and protection against EBOV infection _in vivo_. INMAZEB™ is produced by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and was granted FDA approval on October 14, 2020.[L17320]		
DB15900	Odesivimab	approved	Ebola virus (EBOV) remains an important human pathogen within the _Ebolavirus_ genus, having been responsible for at least 17 known outbreaks with an average case fatality rate of 43.92%.[A221825] Immune therapy using monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) is becoming an increasingly attractive therapeutic method to combat infectious diseases due to its rapid development, low toxicity, and high specificity.[A222078] The chief surface target of EBOV particles is the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein, which also appears on the surface of EBOV-infected cells, offering opportunities for both neutralizing and cytotoxic (i.e. through Fc-mediated immune effector function) antibody effects to play a role in combatting EBOV infection.[A221825, A221830] A recent large-scale study elucidated that both neutralizing and Fc-mediated functions of antibodies were important for therapeutic benefit in animal models of EBOV infection.[A222078]INMAZEB™, formerly referred to as REGN-EB3, combines the three humanized IgG1κ mAbs Odesivimab (REGN 3471), [Maftivimab] (REGN 3479), and [Atoltivimab] (REGN 3470) in equimolar proportions. All three mAbs bind to a distinct portion of the GP<sub>1,2</sub> glycoprotein and collectively provide neutralizing and Fc-mediated immune effector function against EBOV _in vitro_ and protection against EBOV infection _in vivo_. INMAZEB™ is produced by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and was granted FDA approval on October 14, 2020.[L17320]		
DB15901	o-Cymen-5-ol	experimental			
DB15902	Fepradinol	experimental			
DB15903	Chlormadinone acetate	experimental			
DB15904	Alnus glutinosa	experimental			
DB15905	Nicotinaldehyde	experimental			
DB15906	Acetylene	approved,experimental			
DB15907	Escin	experimental			
DB15908	Alexitol sodium	experimental			
DB15909	alpha-Carotene	experimental			
DB15910	Sodium aluminosilicate	experimental			
DB15911	Amfenac	experimental			
DB15912	Calcium hypochlorite	experimental			
DB15914	Cryptoxanthin	experimental			
DB15915	Camphor monobromide	experimental			
DB15916	Anethole	approved,experimental			
DB15917	Camphene	experimental			
DB15918	Fenchone	experimental			
DB15919	Diquafosol	experimental			
DB15920	Menthone	experimental			
DB15921	Tocopheryl nicotinate	experimental			
DB15922	Cajuput oil	experimental			
DB15923	Potassium iodate	experimental			
DB15924	Molybdenum trioxide	experimental			
DB15925	Ammonium bicarbonate	experimental			
DB15926	Ammonium carbonate	approved,experimental			
DB15927	Amyl acetate	experimental			
DB15928	Asafoetida	experimental			
DB15929	Bismuth oxide	experimental			
DB15930	Carbaryl	experimental			
DB15931	Chamazulene	experimental			
DB15932	Clemizole	investigational			
DB15933	Cloxyquin	experimental			
DB15934	Ferric glycerophosphate	approved,experimental			
DB15935	Lumasiran	approved,investigational	Lumasiran is a small interfering RNA used in the treatment of primary hyperoxaluria type 1 (PH1).[L23554] This condition, caused by a deficiency in the enzyme alanine-glyoxylate aminotransferase, leads to an accumulation of oxalate, causing calcium crystal formation.[L23554] These patients experience frequent kidney stones, nephrocalcinosis, and renal failure.[L23554]Oxlumo, producted by Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, represents the first approved treatment for PH1.[L23394] Prior to this approval, therapy consisted of symptomatic treatment such as hyperhydration, inhibitors of crystallization, [pyridoxine], and renal transplant.[L23554]Lumasiran was granted FDA approval on 23 November 2020.[L23394]		
DB15936	Influenza virus type A (H1N1)	approved			
DB15937	Influenza virus type A (H3N2)	approved			
DB15938	Influenza virus type B (Victoria)	approved			
DB15939	Influenza virus type B (Yamagata)	approved			
DB15940	Imdevimab	experimental	Imdevimab is a monoclonal antibody combined with [casirivimab] in Regeneron's antibody cocktail known as REGEN-COV2 for the treatment of COVID-19.[L23539] This drug is a combination of antibodies derived from humanized VelocImmune®  mice in addition to blood samples from patients who have recovered from COVID-19.[A224429]  These antibodies have been formulated to bind to multiple locations on the SARS-COV-2 spike protein, preventing viral escape.[A221495] On November 21 2020, the FDA authorized emergency approval of REGN-COV2 to treat mild to moderate COVID-19 in patients aged 12 years and older. Casirivimab and imdevimab are investigational recombinant human IgG1 monoclonal antibodies that, at this time, are not officially approved by the FDA. They are reserved for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) only.[L23524] Full safety and efficacy data are not yet available, and further evaluation of this investigational therapy will continue.[L23529,L23539,L14303]		
DB15941	Casirivimab	experimental	Casirivimab is a monoclonal antibody combined with [Imdevimab] in Regeneron's antibody cocktail known as REGN-COV2 for the treatment of COVID-19.[L23539] This drug is a combination of antibodies derived from humanized VelocImmune®  mice in addition to blood samples from patients who have recovered from COVID-19.[A224429]  These antibodies have been formulated to bind to multiple locations on the SARS-COV-2 spike protein, preventing viral escape.[A221495] On November 21 2020, the FDA authorized emergency approval of REGEN-COV2 to treat mild to moderate COVID-19 in patients aged 12 years and older. Casirivimab and imdevimab are investigational recombinant human IgG1 monoclonal antibodies that, at this time, are not officially approved by the FDA. They are reserved for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) only.[L23524] Full safety and efficacy data are not yet available, and further evaluation of this investigational therapy will continue.[L23539,L23529,L14303]		
DB15942	Haletazole	experimental			
DB15943	Hesperidin methylchalcone	experimental			
DB15944	Menadione bisulfite	experimental			
DB15945	Pirenoxine	experimental			
DB15946	Piroctone	experimental			
DB15947	Pitofenone	experimental			
DB15948	Potassium glycerophosphate	experimental			
DB15949	Raubasine	experimental			
DB15950	Sodium camphorsulfonate	approved,experimental			
DB15951	Azapentacene	experimental			
DB15952	Sodium nitrate	experimental			
DB15953	Stearyl alcohol	experimental			
DB15954	Strychnine	experimental			
DB15955	Teprenone	experimental			
DB15956	Terpineol	experimental			
DB15957	Terpinyl acetate	experimental			
DB15958	Thiamine disulfide	experimental			
DB15959	Tripamide	experimental			
DB15960	Troclosene	experimental			
DB15961	Zinc iodide	experimental			
DB15962	Calcium fluoride	experimental			
DB15963	Thioctamide	experimental			
DB15964	Dynasore	experimental			
DB15965	Naxitamab	approved	Naxitamab (humanized 3F8, hu3F8) is an IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the oncofetal differentiation antigen GD2 disialoganglioside.[L24454,A224604] Normally expressed during fetal development and in mature neurons, pain fibers, and skin cells, GD2 constitutes a highly efficient target in the treatment of neuroblastoma - it is widely expressed across and within neuroblastomas (and other neuroectodermal tumors),[A224609] and is rarely subject to antigen loss.[A224604]The first anti-GD2-monoclonal IgG antibody to be approved by the FDA for the treatment of neuroblastoma was [dinutuximab] under the brand name Unituxin in 2015.[A224474] One stark disadvantage of this therapy is the requirement for concurrent use of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA).[L24929]Naxitamab-gqgk (Danyelza) was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2020 for the treatment of high-risk relapsed/refractory neuroblastoma of the bone or bone marrow.[L24454] This approval requires naxitamab to be co-administered only with GM-CSF, a factor known to enhance the granulocyte-mediated antibody-dependent cytotoxicity of anti-GD2 therapies,[A224604] making the administration of naxitamab therapy markedly simpler than that of its predecessor.		
DB15966	Influenza virus type B	approved			
DB15967	2,3-Dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid	experimental			
DB15968	Butropium	experimental			
DB15969	Carbazochrome sulfonic acid	experimental			
DB15970	Chloroprednisone	experimental			
DB15971	Clorotepine	experimental			
DB15972	Desoxycortone	experimental			
DB15973	Tauroselcholic acid	experimental			
DB15974	Gold sodium thiosulfate	experimental			
DB15975	Sulfametrole	experimental			
DB15976	Tetroxoprim	experimental			
DB15977	Verbenone	experimental			
DB15978	Parathiazine	experimental			
DB15979	Homochlorcyclizine	experimental			
DB15980	Levocarnitine propionate	experimental			
DB15981	Josamycin propionate	experimental			
DB15982	Berotralstat	approved	Berotralstat is a selective inhibitor of plasma kallikrein used in the prophylaxis of attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE).[L26661] It works by blocking the enzymatic activity of plasma kallikrein in releasing bradykinin, the major biologic peptide that promotes swelling and pain associated with attacks of HAE.[A225166] Developed by BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, berotralstat is taken once-daily as oral capsules.[A225106] Under the market name Orladeyo, berotralstat was approved by the FDA on December 3, 2020, as the first oral, once-daily therapy to prevent angioedema attacks of HAE in adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older. In clinical trials, berotralstat was shown to significantly reduce attack rates at 24 weeks compared to placebo, which was sustained through 48 weeks. Berotralstat is strictly used to prevent, but not treat, these attacks.[L26656] Previous oral therapies used for prophylaxis of HAE attacks, such as androgens, were limited by undesirable adverse effects and several contraindications.[A225121] In clinical trials, berotralstat displayed a fast onset of action, long duration of action, and acceptable tolerance in patients.[A225106]		
DB15983	Menglytate	experimental			
DB15984	Clostebol acetate	experimental			
DB15985	Gamma-amino-beta-hydroxybutyric acid	experimental			
DB15986	Cinnamon oil	approved,experimental			
DB15987	Piprinhydrinate	experimental			
DB15988	Ephedrine levulinate	experimental			
DB15989	Garlic oil	experimental			
DB15990	Glycylglutamine	experimental			
DB15991	Glycyltyrosine	experimental			
DB15992	Sulfogaiacol	experimental			
DB15993	Arginine aspartate	experimental			
DB15994	Methane	experimental			
DB15995	Nitric acid	experimental			
DB15996	Nutmeg oil	experimental			
DB15997	Perfluorooctane	experimental			
DB15998	Potassium hydrogen DL-aspartate	experimental			
DB15999	Prednisolone caproate	experimental			
DB16000	Salicylamide O-acetic acid	experimental			
DB16001	Testosterone decanoate	experimental			
DB16002	Testosterone isocaproate	experimental			
DB16003	Testosterone phenylpropionate	experimental			
DB16004	Butedronic acid	experimental			
DB16005	Triacetin	experimental			
DB16006	Zinc DL-aspartate	experimental			
DB16007	Rurioctocog alfa pegol	approved,experimental			
DB16008	Nifekalant	investigational	Nifekalant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03855826 (Evaluation of the Efficacy and Safety of Nifekalant Hydrochloride (NIF) Injection).		
DB16009	LX-7101	investigational	LX-7101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01528111 (Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of LX7101 in Subjects With Primary Open-angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).		
DB16010	Iseganan	investigational	Iseganan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00022373 (Iseganan Hydrochloride in Preventing Oral Mucositis in Patients Who Are Undergoing Radiation Therapy for Head and Neck Cancer).		
DB16011	Levophencynonate	investigational	Levophencynonate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02299804 (A Clinical Trial to Evaluate Efficacy and Safety of Levophencynonate Hydrochloride in Patient With Vertigo).		
DB16012	Celivarone	investigational	Celivarone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00233441 (Placebo Controlled Double-blind Dose Ranging Study of the Efficacy and Safety of SSR149744C 50, 100, 200 or 300 Mg OD With Amiodarone as Calibrator for the Maintenance of Sinus Rhythm in Patients With Recent Atrial Fibrillation/flutter).		
DB16013	SER-100	investigational	SER-100 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01987284 (SER100 in Isolated Systolic Hypertension).		
DB16014	Bicyclol	investigational	Bicyclol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02944552 (The Multi Center, Randomized, Double-blind, Positive Controlled Study of Bicyclol in the Treatment of Acute DILI).		
DB16015	Bisphosphocin Nu-3	investigational	Bisphosphocin Nu-3 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02737722 (Topically Applied Bisphosphocin Nu-3 on Infected Diabetic Ulcers of Subjects With Type I or II Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB16016	Histamine glutarimide	investigational	Histamine glutarimide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03450434 (XC8 in the Treatment of Patients With Bronchial Asthma).		
DB16017	Inodiftagene vixteplasmid	investigational	Inodiftagene vixteplasmid is a plasmid DNA vector encoding the diphtheria toxin A (dT-a) gene under transcriptional regulation of the promoter region of the human H19 gene (an imprinted maternally expressed non-protein coding gene).		
DB16018	Timrepigene emparvovec	investigational			
DB16019	Gallium Ga-68 gozetotide	approved	Gallium (Ga) 68 prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA)-11, or Ga-68 gozetotide, is a radiopharmaceutical agent used to identify and assess prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA)-positive lesions in adult men with prostate cancer during positron emission tomography (PET).[L26981] Prostate cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed cancers among men in Western countries and many patients treated with androgen-deprivation therapy relapse with castration-resistant prostate cancer.[A225396] In nearly all prostate cancers, malignant cells express a transmembrane protein called prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA).[A225396] Ga-68 PSMA-11 is an imaging agent that binds PSMA during positron emission tomography: it emits positrons to indicate the presence of PSMA-positive prostate cancer lesions in patients with suspected prostate cancer or in patients who may have recurrent prostate cancer.[L27006] On December 1, 2020, Ga-68 PSMA-11 was approved by the FDA as the first molecular-targeted drug for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) positive lesions in men with prostate cancer.[L27006] It is administered intravenously.		
DB16020	Ketocaine	experimental			
DB16021	Levosulpiride	experimental			
DB16022	Thenyldiamine	approved,experimental			
DB16023	Monophosphothiamine	experimental			
DB16024	Indocyanine green	experimental			
DB16025	Arginine PCA	experimental			
DB16026	NCX-1000	investigational	NCX-1000 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00414869 (Preliminary Efficacy and Tolerability of NCX-1000 After Repeated Oral Doses in Patients With Elevated Portal Pressure).		
DB16027	alpha-Hydroxylinoleic acid	investigational	alpha-Hydroxylinoleic acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04431258 (ABTL0812 in Combination With FOLFIRINOX for First-line Treatment of Metastatic Pancreatic Study).		
DB16028	Azemiglitazone	investigational	Azemiglitazone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01280695 (A Randomized, Double-blind, Comparator- and Placebo-controlled, Multiple-dose Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Three Dose Levels of MSDC-0602 in Type 2 Diabetic Patients).		
DB16029	2-(5-fluoro-pentyl)-2-methyl-malonic-acid	investigational	2-(5-fluoro-pentyl)-2-methyl-malonic-acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00696943 (18F ML-10 for Early Detection of Response of Brain Metastases to SRS).		
DB16030	VLX1570	investigational	VLX1570 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02372240 (A Study of VLX1570 and Dexamethasone in Myeloma Patients).		
DB16031	TRO40303	investigational	TRO40303 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01374321 (Safety and Efficacy Study of TRO40303 for Reduction of Reperfusion Injury in Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute Myocardial Infarction).		
DB16032	GW810781	investigational	GW810781 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00046332 (A Study Comparing 4 Doses of GW810781 Versus Placebo in Hiv-infected Patients).		
DB16033	GSK2798745	investigational	GSK2798745 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03372603 (A Study to Assess the Effectiveness and Side Effects of GSK2798745 in Participants With Chronic Cough).		
DB16034	JBPOS0101	investigational	JBPOS0101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03976076 (A Study of Orally Administered JBPOS0101 in Refractory Infantile Spasms Patients).		
DB16035	BFH772	investigational	BFH772 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01449591 (Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of BFH772 in Rosacea Patients).		
DB16036	ABX-1431	investigational	ABX-1431 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03625453 (Study of ABX-1431 in Adult Patients With Tourette Syndrome or Chronic Motor Tic Disorder).		
DB16037	BI 44370 TA	investigational	BI 44370 TA is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00751803 (BI 44370 TA in Acute Migraine Attack).		
DB16038	PLX8394	investigational	PLX8394 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02428712 (A Study of PLX8394 as a Single Agent in Patients With Advanced Unresectable Solid Tumors).		
DB16039	AN2898	investigational	AN2898 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01301508 (Efficacy and Safety of AN2898 and AN2728 Topical Ointments to Treat Mild-to-moderate Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16040	DU125530	investigational	DU125530 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01119430 (Fluoxetine Versus Fluoxetine Plus DU125530 in Major Depressive Disorder).		
DB16041	EPI-589	investigational	EPI-589 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02460679 (Safety and Biomarker Study of EPI-589 in Participants With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)).		
DB16042	SB-773812	investigational	SB-773812 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00259870 (SB-773812 Administered in Adults With Schizophrenia).		
DB16043	PF-06882961	investigational	PF-06882961 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03985293 (A 16 Week Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of PF-06882961 in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB16044	PF-05212377	investigational	PF-05212377 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01712074 (Study Evaluating Thesafety and Efficacy of PF-05212377 or Placebo in Subjects With Alzheimer's Disease With Existing Neuropsychiatric Symptoms on Donepezil).		
DB16045	TERN-101	investigational	TERN-101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04328077 (LIFT Study: A Safety, Tolerability, Efficacy, and Pharmacokinetics Study of TERN-101 in Subjects With Non-cirrhotic Non-alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH)).		
DB16046	TRC150094	investigational	TRC150094 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03254446 (Safety and Efficacy Study of TRC150094 to Improve the CV Risk in Subjects With Diabetes, Dyslipidemia and Hypertension).		
DB16047	9-ING-41	investigational	9-ING-41 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04218071 (Actuate 1901: 9-ING-41 in Myelofibrosis).		
DB16048	BTRX-246040	investigational	BTRX-246040 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03193398 (BTRX-246040 Administered Once Daily to Patients With Major Depressive Disorder).		
DB16049	ASLAN003	investigational	ASLAN003 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03451084 (A Dose Optimisation Study of ASLAN003 in Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB16050	FF-10101-01	investigational	FF-10101-01 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03194685 (Study of FF-10101-01 in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB16051	MOL-4239	investigational	MOL-4239 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01826201 (Paired Psoriasis Lesion, Comparative, Study to Evaluate MOL4239 in Psoriasis).		
DB16052	2'-Fucosyllactose	investigational	2'-Fucosyllactose is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03847467 (Pilot and Feasibility Study of 2'-FL as a Dietary Supplement in IBD Patients Receiving Stable Maintenance Anti-tnf Therapy).		
DB16053	ARRY-502	investigational	ARRY-502 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01561690 (A Study of ARRY-502 in Patients With Persistent Asthma).		
DB16054	INCB-057643	investigational	INCB-057643 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02959437 (Azacitidine Combined With Pembrolizumab and Epacadostat in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors (ECHO-206)).		
DB16055	PT-2385	investigational	PT-2385 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03108066 (PT2385 for the Treatment of Von Hippel-lindau Disease-associated Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma).		
DB16056	GZ-389988	investigational	GZ-389988 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02845271 (Proof-of-concept Study to Assess the Efficacy, Tolerability and Safety of a Single Intraarticular Dose of GZ389988 Versus Placebo in Patients With Painful Osteoarthritis of the Knee).		
DB16057	OBI-3424	investigational	OBI-3424 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04315324 (Study to Test Akr1c3-activated Prodrug OBI-3424 (OBI-3424) in Patients With Relapsed/refractory T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (T-ALL)).		
DB16058	AK106-001616	investigational	AK106-001616 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01285752 (A Study of AK106-001616 in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)).		
DB16059	IDE-196	investigational	IDE-196 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03947385 (Study of IDE196 in Patients With Solid Tumors Harboring GNAQ/11 Mutations or PRKC Fusions).		
DB16060	V116517	investigational	V116517 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01688947 (Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of V116517 in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Chronic Pain Due to Postherpetic Neuralgia (PHN)).		
DB16061	Samuraciclib	investigational	Samuraciclib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03363893 (Modular Study to Evaluate CT7001 Alone in Cancer Patients With Advanced Malignancies).		
DB16062	Ro 24-7429	investigational	Ro 24-7429 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00002314 (A Study of Ro 24-7429 in Patients With Hiv-related Kaposi's Sarcoma).		
DB16063	2X-121	investigational	2X-121 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03562832 (Investigation of Anti-tumour Effect and Tolerability of the PARP Inhibitor 2X-121 in Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer Selected by the 2X-121 DRP).		
DB16064	LY-3200882	investigational	LY-3200882 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04158700 (A Study of LY3200882 and Pembrolizumab in Participants With Advanced Cancer).		
DB16065	Proxalutamide	investigational	Proxalutamide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03899467 (The Safety and Tolerability of Proxalutamide (GT0918) in Subjects With Metastatic Castrate Resistant Prostate Cancer).		
DB16066	CCX-140	investigational	CCX-140 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01440257 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of CCX140-B on Urinary Albumin Excretion in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes and Albuminuria).		
DB16067	TAK-831	investigational	TAK-831 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03214588 (Efficacy, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Multiple Doses of Oral TAK-831 in Adults With Friedreich Ataxia).		
DB16068	BTRX-335140	investigational	BTRX-335140 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04221230 (Study in Major Depressive Disorder With BTRX-335140 vs Placebo).		
DB16069	SP-420	investigational	SP-420 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03801889 (SP-420 in Subjects With Transfusion-dependent Beta-thalassemia or Other Rare Anemias).		
DB16070	KZR-616	investigational	KZR-616 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04033926 (A Phase 2 Study of KZR-616 to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy in Patients With Active Polymyositis or Dermatomyositis).		
DB16071	FF-10502	investigational	FF-10502 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02661542 (Study of FF-10502-01 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors and Lymphomas).		
DB16072	ORP-101	investigational	ORP-101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04129619 (A Comparison of the Effects of ORP-101 Versus Placebo in Adult Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Diarrhea (IBS-D)).		
DB16073	AZD8529	investigational	AZD8529 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00921804 (Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of AZD8529 in Adult Schizophrenia Patients).		
DB16074	LY2828360	investigational	LY2828360 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01319929 (A Study of LY2828360 in Patients With Osteoarthritic Knee Pain).		
DB16075	8-Chloroadenosine	investigational	8-Chloroadenosine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02509546 (8-chloroadenosine in Treating Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB16076	GSK2245035	investigational	GSK2245035 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02833974 (Effect of the GSK2245035 on the Allergen-induced Asthmatic Response).		
DB16077	Abagovomab	investigational	Abagovomab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00418574 (Efficacy Multicentre Trial of Immunotherapy Vaccination With Abagovomab to Treat Ovarian Cancer Patients).		
DB16078	Abeprazan	investigational	Abeprazan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04341454 (Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of DWP14012 in Patients With Acute or Chronic Gastritis).		
DB16079	Aclimostat	investigational	Aclimostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03254368 (Study to Assess the Effects and Safety of ZGN-1061 in Overweight and Obese Participants With Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB16080	Acolbifene	investigational	Acolbifene is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01452373 (Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) + Acolbifene Against Vasomotor Symptoms (Hot Flushes) in Postmenopausal Women).		
DB16081	Acrizanib	investigational	Acrizanib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02355028 (LHA510 Proof-of-concept Study as a Maintenance Therapy for Patients With Wet Age-related Macular Degeneration).		
DB16082	Adagloxad simolenin	investigational	Adagloxad simolenin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03562637 (Study of Adagloxad Simolenin (OBI-822)/OBI-821 in the Adjuvant Treatment of Patients With Globo H Positive TNBC).		
DB16083	Adelmidrol	investigational	Adelmidrol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01420510 (Saginil in vs. Placebo for Gynecologic Oncology Patients Affected by Vaginitis).		
DB16084	Iron (III) oxide adipate	investigational			
DB16085	Aganepag isopropyl	investigational	Aganepag isopropyl is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01110499 (Safety and Efficacy of AGN-210961 Ophthalmic Solution Compared With Bimatoprost Ophthalmic Solution in Patients With Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).		
DB16086	Aldafermin	investigational	Aldafermin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03912532 (Evaluation of Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Aldafermin in a Phase 2b, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multi-center Study in Subjects With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis and Stage 2/3 Fibrosis (ALPINE 2/3)).		
DB16087	Alflutinib	investigational	Alflutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03452592 (Efficacy and Safety of Alflutinib in Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Patients With T790M).		
DB16088	Amtolmetin guacil	investigational			
DB16089	Anivamersen	investigational	Anivamersen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01848106 (A Study to Determine the Efficacy and Safety of REG1 Compared to Bivalirudin in Patients Undergoing PCI).		
DB16090	CX-2009	investigational	CX-2009 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03149549 (PROCLAIM-CX-2009: A Trial to Find Safe and Active Doses of an Investigational Drug CX-2009 for Patients With Selected Solid Tumors).		
DB16091	EMB-01	investigational	EMB-01 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03797391 (A Dose Escalation Study of EMB-01 in Participants With Advanced/metastatic Solid Tumors).		
DB16092	RO6874281	investigational	RO6874281 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03193190 (A Study of Multiple Immunotherapy-based Treatment Combinations in Participants With Metastatic Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (Morpheus-pancreatic Cancer)).		
DB16093	PEGylated Recombinant Factor VIII	investigational	PEGylated Recombinant Factor VIII is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02585960 (BAX 855 Pk-guided Dosing).		
DB16094	Antithrombin gamma	investigational	Antithrombin gamma is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04182373 (KW-3357 Study in Patients With Early Onset Severe Preeclampsia).		
DB16095	APG-1387	investigational	APG-1387 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04568265 (A Clinical Study of APG-1387 in Combination With Entecavir in Patients With Chronic Hepatitis B).		
DB16096	Apitegromab	investigational	Apitegromab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03921528 (An Active Treatment Study of SRK-015 in Patients With Type 2 or Type 3 Spinal Muscular Atrophy).		
DB16097	Artemisone	investigational	Artemisone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00936767 (Artemisone for the Treatment of Uncomplicated Falciparum Malaria in Western Cambodia).		
DB16098	Atogepant	investigational	Atogepant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03855137 (Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of Atogepant for the Prevention of Chronic Migraine).		
DB16099	Avalglucosidase alfa	investigational	Avalglucosidase alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02782741 (Study to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Enzyme Replacement Therapies Avalglucosidase Alfa and Alglucosidase Alfa Administered Every Other Week in Patients With Late-onset Pompe Disease Who Have Not Been Previously Treated for Pompe Disease).		
DB16100	Axomadol	investigational	Axomadol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01043263 (Efficacy and Safety of EN3324 (Axomadol) in Subjects With Chronic Low Back Pain).		
DB16101	Baicalein	investigational	Baicalein is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03830684 (A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Multicenter and Phase ⅡA Clinical Trial for the Effectiveness and Safety of Baicalein Tablets in the Treatment of Improve Other Aspects of Healthy Adult With Influenza Fever).		
DB16102	Bakuchiol	investigational	Bakuchiol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03112863 (Comparison of the Cosmetic Effects of Bakuchiol and Retinol).		
DB16103	Batabulin	investigational	Batabulin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00057382 (T138067 Versus Doxorubicin in Chemotherapy-naive, Unresectable, Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients).		
DB16104	Batoclimab	investigational	Batoclimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04428255 (A Clinical Study on the Efficacy and Safety of HBM9161 in Patients With ITP).		
DB16105	Bemarituzumab	investigational	Bemarituzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03694522 (A Study of Bemarituzumab (FPA144) Combined With Modified FOLFOX6 (Mfolfox6) in Gastric/gastroesophageal Junction Cancer (FIGHT)).		
DB16106	GSK2256098	investigational	GSK2256098 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02523014 (Vismodegib and FAK Inhibitor GSK2256098 in Treating Patients With Progressive Meningiomas).		
DB16107	BI 2536	investigational	BI 2536 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00376623 (Efficacy and Safety of BI 2536 in Advanced or Metastatic Non Small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB16108	TAK-715	investigational	TAK-715 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00760864 (Safety and Efficacy of TAK-715 in Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16109	GED-0507-34-Levo	investigational	GED-0507-34-Levo is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02808390 (Efficacy and Safety Study of Ged-0507-34-levo for Treatment of UC).		
DB16110	GSK232802	investigational	GSK232802 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00604825 (Treatment of Hot Flashes/flushes in Postmenopausal Women (WARM Study)).		
DB16111	CR6086	investigational	CR6086 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03163966 (A Study of the EP4 Antagonist CR6086 in Combination With Methotrexate, in Dmard-naïve Patients With Early Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16112	OT-730	investigational	OT-730 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00753168 (Phase 1-2 Evaluation of OT-730 Eye Drops in Reducing the Intraocular Pressure in Patients With Ocular Hypertension or Open-angle Glaucoma).		
DB16113	Bizalimogene ralaplasmid	investigational	Bizalimogene ralaplasmid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03499795 (VGX-3100 Delivered Intramuscularly (IM) Followed by Electroporation (EP) for the Treatment of HPV-16 And/or HPV-18 Related Anal or Anal/peri-anal, High Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesion (HSIL) in Individuals Seronegative for Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-1/2).		
DB16114	HIV Integrase Inhibitor	investigational	HIV Integrase Inhibitor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00397566 (A Multiple Ascending Dose Study of BMS-707035 in HIV-1 Infected Subjects).		
DB16115	Brazikumab	investigational	Brazikumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03759288 (An Active and Placebo-controlled Study of Brazikumab in Participants With Moderately to Severely Active Crohn's Disease).		
DB16116	Brivoligide	investigational	Brivoligide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04104919 (Study to Evaluate a Preop Dose of Brivoligide Injection for Pain After Mastectomy in Patients With High PCS Scores).		
DB16117	Buprenorphine hemiadipate	investigational	Buprenorphine hemiadipate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01582347 (Transfer of Subjects From Subutex/suboxone to RBP-6300).		
DB16118	Capadenoson	investigational	Capadenoson is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00518921 (Capadenoson in Angina Pectoris).		
DB16119	Carotegrast methyl	investigational	Carotegrast methyl is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03531892 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of AJM300 in Participants With Active Ulcerative Colitis).		
DB16120	Epigallo Catechin Gallate	investigational	Epigallo Catechin Gallate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00799890 (Sunphenon in Progressive Forms of Multiple Sclerosis).		
DB16121	Cemdisiran	investigational	Cemdisiran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03841448 (A Study of Cemdisiran in Adults With Immunoglobulin a Nephropathy (Igan)).		
DB16122	Centhaquine	investigational	Centhaquine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04045327 (Efficacy of PMZ-2010 (Centhaquine) a Resuscitative Agent for Hypovolemic Shock).		
DB16123	Ceralifimod	investigational	Ceralifimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01226745 (Phase 2 Extension Trial in Patients With Relapsing-remitting Multiple Sclerosis (RRMS)).		
DB16124	Chiauranib	investigational	Chiauranib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03974243 (Chiauranib in Combination With Chidamide in Patients With Relapsed/refractory Non-hodgkin's Lymphoma).		
DB16125	Ciforadenant	investigational	Ciforadenant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02253745 (Safety, Tolerability, PK & Efficacy of V81444 in Volunteers With Attention Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)).		
DB16126	Cinaciguat	investigational	Cinaciguat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01067859 (A Phase Iib Study to Investigate the Efficacy and Tolerability of Lower Doses Cinaciguat (25 ΜG/h, 10 ΜG/h) Given Intravenously to Patients With Acute Decompensated Chronic Congestive Heart Failure (ADHF)).		
DB16127	Cinpanemab	investigational	Cinpanemab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03318523 (Evaluating the Efficacy, Safety, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of BIIB054 in Participants With Parkinson's Disease).		
DB16128	Crovalimab	investigational	Crovalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03157635 (Study to Assess Safety, Efficacy, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of Crovalimab in Healthy Volunteers and Participants With Paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria).		
DB16129	TZP-102	investigational	TZP-102 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01452815 (Affects of Once-daily Oral Administration of TZP-102 on the Treatment of Symptoms Associated With Diabetic Gastroparesis).		
DB16130	Dapansutrile	investigational	Dapansutrile is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01768975 (Phase 2 Efficacy Trial of OLT1177 Gel in Subjects With Moderate to Severe Pain Associated With OA of the Knee).		
DB16131	Dapirolizumab pegol	investigational	Dapirolizumab pegol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02804763 (A Phase 2 Efficacy and Safety Study of Dapirolizumab Pegol (DZP) in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus).		
DB16132	Deferitrin	investigational	Deferitrin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00069862 (Iron Balance Study of DFO and GT56-252 in Patients With Transfusional Iron Overload Secondary to Beta-thalassemia).		
DB16133	Delgocitinib	investigational	Delgocitinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03683719 (Phase 2b Dose-ranging Trial to Evaluate Delgocitinib Cream 1, 3, 8, and 20 Mg/g Compared to Delgocitinib Cream Vehicle Over a 16-week Treatment Period in Adult Subjects With Chronic Hand Eczema).		
DB16134	Denagliptin	investigational	Denagliptin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00387972 (Study of Denagliptin in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM)).		
DB16135	Desidustat	investigational	Desidustat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04012957 (Desidustat in the Treatment of Anemia in CKD).		
DB16136	Dexisometheptene mucate	investigational	Dexisometheptene mucate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02423408 (Safety and Efficacy Study of TNX-201 Capsules for Treatment of Single Tension-type Headache).		
DB16137	Dezapelisib	investigational	Dezapelisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02456675 (INCB040093 and INCB040093 Combined With Itacitinib (INCB039110) in Relapsed/refractory Hodgkin Lymphoma).		
DB16138	Diflomotecan	investigational	Diflomotecan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00080015 (Diflomotecan (BN80915) Administered Once Every 3 Weeks in Treating Patients With Sensitive Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC)).		
DB16139	DAR-0100A	investigational	DAR-0100A is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01466205 (Clinical Testing of a D1 Agonist for Cognitive Enhancement in Schizotypal Personality Disorder).		
DB16140	Dilpacimab	investigational	Dilpacimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03368859 (A Study of ABT-165 Plus FOLFIRI vs Bevacizumab Plus FOLFIRI in Subjects With Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Previously Treated With Fluoropyrimidine, Oxaliplatin and Bevacizumab).		
DB16141	Dimethandrolone Undecanoate	investigational	Dimethandrolone Undecanoate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03455075 (Study of Spermatogenesis Suppression With DMAU Alone or With LNG Versus Placebo Alone in Normal Men).		
DB16142	Acetyldinaline	investigational	Acetyldinaline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00005624 (CI-994 in Treating Patients With Advanced Myeloma).		
DB16143	Dirocaftor	investigational	Dirocaftor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03251092 (Study Designed to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and PK of PTI-808 in Healthy Volunteers and in Adults With Cystic Fibrosis).		
DB16144	Dopastatin	investigational	Dopastatin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04335357 (TBR-760 in Adult Patients With Non-functioning Pituitary Adenomas).		
DB16145	Dotinurad	investigational	Dotinurad is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03372200 (Febuxostat-controlled, Double-blind, Comparative Study of FYU-981 in Hyperuricemia With or Without Gout).		
DB16146	Dynorphin	investigational	Dynorphin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00000244 (Effects of Dynorphin 1-13 on Heroin Addiction - 1).		
DB16147	Ebopiprant	investigational	Ebopiprant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03369262 (Poc Study of OBE022 in Threatened Preterm Labour).		
DB16148	Ecraprost	investigational	Ecraprost is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00059657 (Efficacy/safety of Ecraprost in Lipid Emulsion for Treatment of Critical Leg Ischemia Due to Peripheral Arterial Disease).		
DB16149	Efavaleukin alfa	investigational	Efavaleukin alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03422627 (Safety and Efficacy of AMG 592 in Subjects With Steroid Refractory Chronic Graft Versus Host Disease).		
DB16150	Eftilagimod alfa	investigational	Eftilagimod alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02614833 (IMP321 (Eftilagimod Alpha) as Adjunctive to a Standard Chemotherapy Paclitaxel Metastatic Breast Carcinoma).		
DB16151	Efungumab	investigational	Efungumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00217815 (Preliminary Study of Mycograb and Docetaxel in Advanced Breast Cancer).		
DB16152	VEGFR2-169	investigational	VEGFR2-169 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00655785 (Antiangiogenic Peptide Vaccine Therapy With Gemcitabine in Treating Patient With Pancreatic Cancer (Phase1/2)).		
DB16153	Eltanexor	investigational	Eltanexor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02649790 (Study of the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of KPT-8602 in Patients With Relapsed/refractory Cancer Indications).		
DB16154	Eluforsen	investigational	Eluforsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02532764 (Dose Escalation Study of QR-010 in Homozygous ΔF508 Cystic Fibrosis Patients).		
DB16155	Empegfilgrastim	investigational	Empegfilgrastim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01569087 (Dose-finding Study of Empegfilgrastim for Neutropenia Prophylaxis in Patients With Breast Cancer).		
DB16156	Enapotamab vedotin	investigational	Enapotamab vedotin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02988817 (Enapotamab Vedotin (Humax-axl-adc) Safety Study in Patients With Solid Tumors).		
DB16157	Ensifentrine	investigational	Ensifentrine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04535986 (A Phase 3 Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Ensifentrine in Patients With COPD).		
DB16158	Epafipase	investigational	Epafipase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00037687 (Safety and Efficacy of Recombinant Human Platelet-activating Factor Acetylhydrolase for the Treatment of Severe Sepsis).		
DB16159	Esflurbiprofen	investigational	Esflurbiprofen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03434197 (Safety and Efficacy of SFPP in Knee Osteoarthritis).		
DB16160	ASTX660	investigational	ASTX660 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02503423 (Phase 1-2 Study of ASTX660 in Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors and Lymphomas).		
DB16161	Exebacase	investigational	Exebacase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03163446 (Safety, Efficacy and Pharmacokinetics of CF-301 vs. Placebo in Addition to Antibacterial Therapy for Treatment of S. Aureus Bacteremia).		
DB16162	Exicorilant	investigational	Exicorilant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03437941 (Study to Evaluate CORT125281 in Combination With Enzalutamide in Patients With Mcrpc).		
DB16163	Fasoracetam	investigational	Fasoracetam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03609619 (PART B: Efficacy and Safety of AEVI-001 in Children and Adolescents With ADHD and Without Mglur Mutations).		
DB16164	Fenpyroximate	investigational	Fenpyroximate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02533336 (The Effectiveness of Non-pyrethroid Insecticide-treated Durable Wall Liners as a Method for Malaria Control in Endemic Rural Tanzania).		
DB16165	Finerenone	investigational	Finerenone is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02545049 (Efficacy and Safety of Finerenone in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and the Clinical Diagnosis of Diabetic Kidney Disease).		
DB16166	Firsocostat	investigational	Firsocostat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02781584 (Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of Selonsertib, Firsocostat, and Cilofexor in Adults With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH)).		
DB16167	Fisogatinib	investigational	Fisogatinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04194801 (A Phase Ib/ii Study of Fisogatinib(blu-554) in Subjects With Hepatocellular Carcinoma).		
DB16168	Fluorocyclopentenylcytosine	investigational	Fluorocyclopentenylcytosine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03189914 (RX-3117 in Combination With Abraxane® in Subjects With Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB16169	Fonadelpar	investigational	Fonadelpar is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03527212 (A Study to Assess the Safety and Effectiveness of SJP-0035 for the Treatment of Patients With Dry Eye Disease).		
DB16170	Foralumab	investigational	Foralumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03291249 (Assessment of the Safety of Foralumab, an Oral Anti-cd3 Antibody, in Patients With NASH and T2DM).		
DB16171	Foscarbidopa	investigational	Foscarbidopa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04379050 (Extension Study to Evaluate Safety and Tolerability of 24-hour Daily Exposure of Continuous Subcutaneous Infusion of ABBV-951 in Adult Participants With Parkinson's Disease).		
DB16172	Foslinanib	investigational	Foslinanib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03600233 (Study of CVM-1118 for Patients With Advanced Neuroendocrine Tumors).		
DB16173	Ganaplacide	investigational	Ganaplacide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03167242 (Efficacy and Safety of KAF156 in Combination With LUM-SDF in Adults and Children With Uncomplicated Plasmodium Falciparum Malaria).		
DB16174	Giroctocogene fitelparvovec	investigational	Giroctocogene fitelparvovec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04370054 (Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of PF-07055480 in Moderately Severe to Severe Hemophilia a Adults).		
DB16175	Glenzocimab	investigational			
DB16176	AIM-102	investigational	AIM-102 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01501942 (Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamics and Pharmacokinetics of Oral Administration of AIM-102 in Patients With Mild to Moderate Allergic Asthma).		
DB16177	ABH001	investigational	ABH001 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01749306 (A Study of the Efficacy and Safety of ABH001 in the Treatment of Patients With Epidermolysis Bullosa Who Have Wounds That Are Not Healing).		
DB16178	Glymera	investigational	Glymera is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01658501 (Phase 2b Multicenter, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo- and Active-controlled, Parallel-group Study to Assess the PD Response and Safety of Three Dose Levels of (PB1023) Injection Following 20 Weeks of Weekly SC Dosing in Adults With T2DM).		
DB16179	Gontivimab	investigational	Gontivimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03468829 (Efficacy and Safety of ALX-0171 in Adult Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant (HSCT) Recipients Who Present With Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infection).		
DB16180	GP2 peptide	investigational	GP2 peptide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00524277 (Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Breast Cancer).		
DB16181	ISIS 2503	investigational	ISIS 2503 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00004193 (ISIS 2503 in Treating Patients With Metastatic And/or Locally Recurrent Colorectal Cancer).		
DB16182	CXD101	investigational	CXD101 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03873025 (A Study of CXD101 in Combination With Pembrolizumab for Relapsed or Refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma).		
DB16183	Hemoporfin	investigational	Hemoporfin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03125057 (A Pilot Study of Hemoporfin PDT in Children With Port-wine Stain).		
DB16184	Hetrombopag	investigational	Hetrombopag is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03976882 (Hetrombopag for the Treatment of Chemotherapy-induced Thrombocytopenia in Subjects With Malignancy.).		
DB16185	HQP1351	investigational	HQP1351 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03883100 (A Pivotal Study of HQP1351 in Patients of Chronic Myeloid Leukemia in Accelerated Phase With T315I Mutation).		
DB16186	PEN-866	investigational	PEN-866 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03221400 (PEN-866 in Patients With Advanced Solid Malignancies).		
DB16187	C-peptide	investigational	C-peptide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00278980 (Effect of C-peptide on Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy).		
DB16188	Anti-TFPI	investigational			
DB16189	Ibezapolstat	investigational	Ibezapolstat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04247542 (ACX-362E [Ibezapolstat] for Oral Treatment of Clostridioides Difficile Infection).		
DB16190	Idursulfase beta	investigational	Idursulfase beta is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01645189 (Safety and Efficacy of Hunterase).		
DB16191	Ifidancitinib	investigational	Ifidancitinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03585296 (A Study of ATI-502 Topical Solution for the Treatment of Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16192	Imaradenant	investigational	Imaradenant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03381274 (Oleclumab (MEDI9447) Egfrm NSCLC Novel Combination Study).		
DB16193	IMR-687	investigational	IMR-687 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04474314 (A Study of IMR-687 in Subjects With Sickle Cell Disease).		
DB16194	Imidazole-4-carboxylic acid	investigational	Imidazole-4-carboxylic acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00583895 (Safety and Efficacy Study of Imcooh Cream in Patients Suffering From Moderate Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16195	Indatuximab ravtansine	investigational	Indatuximab ravtansine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01001442 (Safety and Dose Determining Multi-dose Study of BT062 in Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma).		
DB16196	INVAC-1	investigational	INVAC-1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03265717 (DNA Plasmid Encoding a Modified Human Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase (Htert), Invac-1 in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia).		
DB16197	Neuradiab	investigational	Neuradiab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00615186 (Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) Locoregional Agent Survival Study - Anti-tenascin Radiolabeled Antibody Therapy).		
DB16198	IONIS-FGFR4Rx	investigational	IONIS-FGFR4Rx is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02476019 (A Safety, Tolerability, PK, and PD Study of Once Weekly ISIS-FGFR4RX SC in Obese Patients).		
DB16199	AKCEA-TTR-LRx	investigational	AKCEA-TTR-LRx is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04136184 (Neuro-ttransform: A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Akcea-ttr-lrx in Participants With Hereditary Transthyretin-mediated Amyloid Polyneuropathy).		
DB16200	Iptacopan	investigational	Iptacopan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04578834 (Study of Efficacy and Safety of LNP023 in Primary Iga Nephropathy Patients).		
DB16201	ISIS 104838	investigational	ISIS 104838 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00048321 (ISIS 104838, an Inhibitor of Tumor Necrosis Factor, for Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16202	IONIS-HBVRx	investigational	IONIS-HBVRx is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04544956 (A Mechanistic Study of GSK3228836 With Fine Needle Aspiration (FNA) in Participants With Chronic Hepatitis B).		
DB16203	Isopentane	investigational	Isopentane is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00752089 (Experimental Dentifrice Remineralization/fluoride Uptake in an in Situ Model).		
DB16204	Isoquinoline, 7-(2-(3,6-dihydro-4-(3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-1(2h)-pyridinyl)ethyl)-	investigational	Isoquinoline, 7-(2-(3,6-dihydro-4-(3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl)-1(2h)-pyridinyl)ethyl)- is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00545454 (Activity and Safety of Oral Administration of SSR150106XB for the Reduction of Inflammation in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16205	Ispronicline	investigational	Ispronicline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00109564 (A Safety and Efficacy Study of Ispronicline (TC-1734-112) in Subjects With Age Associated Memory Impairment (AAMI)).		
DB16206	Itepekimab	investigational	Itepekimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03546907 (Proof-of-concept Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of SAR440340 (Anti-il-33 Mab) in Patients With Moderate-to-severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)).		
DB16207	Itolizumab	investigational	Itolizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04605926 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Itolizumab in Subjects Hospitalized With COVID-19).		
DB16208	Ivuxolimab	investigational	Ivuxolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02554812 (A Study of Avelumab in Combination With Other Cancer Immunotherapies in Advanced Malignancies (JAVELIN Medley)).		
DB16209	Janagliflozin	investigational	Janagliflozin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03851432 (Janagliflozin Treat Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Inadequately Controlled With Metformin).		
DB16210	Kisspeptin-10	investigational	Kisspeptin-10 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03771326 (KP-10 and Insulin Secretion in Men).		
DB16211	KAI-1678	investigational	KAI-1678 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01106716 (Safety and Efficacy Study of KAI-1678 to Treat Pain in Subjects With Postherpetic Neuralgia).		
DB16212	Ladarixin	investigational	Ladarixin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04628481 (A Study of Oral Ladarixin in New-onset Type 1 Diabetes and a Low Residual Β-Cell Function).		
DB16213	Ladostigil	investigational	Ladostigil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01429623 (A 3 Year Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of Low Dose Ladostigil in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment).		
DB16214	Landipirdine	investigational	Landipirdine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02258152 (SYN120 Study to Evaluate Its Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy in Parkinson's Disease Dementia (SYNAPSE)).		
DB16215	Lapaquistat	investigational	Lapaquistat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00256178 (Efficacy of Lapaquistat Acetate and Simvastatin in Subjects With Primary Dyslipidemia.).		
DB16216	Lazertinib	investigational	Lazertinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04487080 (A Study of Amivantamab and Lazertinib Combination Therapy Versus Osimertinib in Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB16217	Leniolisib	investigational	Leniolisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02435173 (Study of Efficacy of CDZ173 in Patients With APDS/PASLI).		
DB16218	Lerociclib	investigational	Lerociclib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02983071 (G1T38, a CDK 4/6 Inhibitor, in Combination With Fulvestrant in Hormone Receptor-positive, Her2-negative Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer).		
DB16219	Levonadifloxacin	investigational	Levonadifloxacin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03405064 (Comparative Study of Levonadifloxacin (IV and Oral) With Linezolid (IV and Oral) in Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI)).		
DB16220	Lonapegsomatropin	investigational	Lonapegsomatropin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04615273 (A Trial to Compare the Efficacy and Safety of Once-weekly Lonapegsomatropin With Placebo and a Daily Somatropin Product in Adults With Growth Hormone Deficiency).		
DB16221	Lonaprisan	investigational	Lonaprisan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00555919 (ZK 230211 in Postmenopausal Woman With Metastatic Breast Cancer).		
DB16222	Loncastuximab tesirine	investigational	Loncastuximab tesirine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04384484 (Study to Evaluate Loncastuximab Tesirine With Rituximab Versus Immunochemotherapy in Participants With Relapsed or Refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma).		
DB16223	Lunasine	investigational	Lunasine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02709330 (ALS Reversals - Lunasin Regimen).		
DB16224	Lutikizumab	investigational	Lutikizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02087904 (A Study Evaluating the Safety, Efficacy, and Pharmacodynamic Effects of ABT-981 in Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis).		
DB16225	Magrolimab	investigational	Magrolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02953782 (Trial of Magrolimab (Hu5f9-g4) in Combination With Cetuximab in Participants With Solid Tumors and Advanced Colorectal Cancer).		
DB16226	Maralixibat	investigational	Maralixibat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03905330 (A Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Maralixibat in Subjects With Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (MARCH-PFIC)).		
DB16227	Masilukast	investigational	Masilukast is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01740986 (Safety and Efficacy of SA09012 in Asthma).		
DB16228	Mavelertinib	investigational	Mavelertinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02349633 (Study for Patients With NSCLC EGFR Mutations (Del 19 or L858R +/- T790M)).		
DB16229	Mesdopetam	investigational	Mesdopetam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04435431 (A Clinical Study of Mesdopetam in Patients With Parkinson's Disease Experiencing Levodopa Induced Dyskinesia).		
DB16230	NSI-189	investigational	NSI-189 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02695472 (Study of NSI-189 for Major Depressive Disorder).		
DB16231	Methfuroxam	investigational	Methfuroxam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01213407 (Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine for High-grade Glioma).		
DB16232	Milciclib Maleate	investigational	Milciclib Maleate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01301391 (Study of Oral PHA-848125AC in Patients With Malignant Thymoma Previously Treated With Multiple Lines of Chemotherapy).		
DB16233	Milvexian	investigational	Milvexian is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03766581 (A Study on BMS-986177 for the Prevention of a Stroke in Patients Receiving Aspirin and Clopidogrel).		
DB16234	Miricorilant	investigational	Miricorilant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03818256 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Efficacy, and Pharmacokinetics of Miricorilant (CORT118335) in Obese Adult Patients With Schizophrenia and Recent Weight Gain While Taking Antipsychotic Medications (GRATITUDE)).		
DB16235	Mirvetuximab	investigational			
DB16236	Mitapivat	investigational	Mitapivat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03548220 (A Study to Evaluate Efficacy and Safety of AG-348 in Not Regularly Transfused Adult Participants With Pyruvate Kinase Deficiency (PKD)).		
DB16237	Modipafant	investigational	Modipafant is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02569827 (Celgosivir or Modipafant as Treatment for Adult Participants With Uncomplicated Dengue Fever in Singapore).		
DB16238	Modithromycin	investigational	Modithromycin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00270517 (Comparative Study of EDP-420 Versus Another Antibiotic in the Treatment of Community Acquired Pneumonia).		
DB16239	Molibresib	investigational	Molibresib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01943851 (A Dose Escalation Study to Investigate the Safety, Pharmacokinetics (PK), Pharmacodynamics (PD) and Clinical Activity of GSK525762 in Subjects With Relapsed, Refractory Hematologic Malignancies).		
DB16240	BMS-813160	investigational	BMS-813160 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03496662 (BMS-813160 With Nivolumab and Gemcitabine and Nab-paclitaxel in Borderline Resectable and Locally Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC)).		
DB16241	ACT-709478	investigational	ACT-709478 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03239691 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of ACT-709478 in Photosensitive Epilepsy Patients).		
DB16242	CC-11050	investigational	CC-11050 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01300208 (To Evaluate the Preliminary Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, Pharmacodynamics and Efficacy of CC-11050 in Subjects With Discoid Lupus Erythematosus and Subacute Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus).		
DB16243	TBA-7371	investigational	TBA-7371 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04176250 (Early Bactericidal Activity of TBA-7371 in Pulmonary Tuberculosis).		
DB16244	MK-0773	investigational	MK-0773 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00529659 (A Study of the Safety and Efficacy of MK-0773 in Women With Sarcopenia (Loss of Muscle Mass)(mk-0773-005)).		
DB16245	Human Lactoferrin Peptide hLF1-11	investigational	Human Lactoferrin Peptide hLF1-11 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00509834 (A Study on the Tolerability and Early Efficacy of Hlf1-11 in Patients With Proven Candidaemia).		
DB16246	Nafithromycin	investigational	Nafithromycin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02903836 (Phase II Study of Oral Nafithromycin in CABP).		
DB16247	Nangibotide	investigational	Nangibotide is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04055909 (Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Nangibotide in Patients With Septic Shock).		
DB16248	Nanoparticle Epirubicin	investigational	Nanoparticle Epirubicin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03168061 (Dose-escalation and Expansion Trial of NC-6300 in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Soft Tissue Sarcoma).		
DB16249	Naphthoquine	investigational	Naphthoquine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01930331 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Efficacy of ARCO).		
DB16250	Nazartinib	investigational	Nazartinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03529084 (Phase III Study of Nazartinib (EGF816) Versus Erlotinib/gefitinib in First-line Locally Advanced / Metastatic NSCLC With EGFR Activating Mutations).		
DB16251	Necuparanib	investigational	Necuparanib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01621243 (M402 in Combination With Nab-paclitaxel and Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB16252	Nedisertib	investigational	Nedisertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03770689 (Study of M3814 in Combination With Capecitabine and Radiotherapy in Rectal Cancer).		
DB16253	Nemiralisib	investigational	Nemiralisib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03345407 (Dose Finding Study of Nemiralisib (GSK2269557) in Subjects With an Acute Moderate or Severe Exacerbation of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)).		
DB16254	Nevanimibe	investigational	Nevanimibe is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03053271 (A Study of ATR-101 for the Treatment of Endogenous Cushing's Syndrome).		
DB16255	Nidufexor	investigational	Nidufexor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03804879 (Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of LMB763 in Patients With Diabetic Nephropathy).		
DB16256	Ningetinib	investigational	Ningetinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03758287 (Ningetinib (CT053PTSA) Plus Gefitinib in Stage IIIB or IV NSCLC Patients With EGFR Mutation and T790M Negative).		
DB16257	Nipocalimab	investigational	Nipocalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04119050 (Efficacy and Safety of M281 in Adults With Warm Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia).		
DB16258	Nirsevimab	investigational	Nirsevimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03959488 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety of MEDI8897 for the Prevention of Medically Attended Respiratory Syncytial Virus(rsv) Lower Respiratory Track Infection (LRTI) in High-risk Children).		
DB16259	Nolasiban	investigational	Nolasiban is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03081208 (Phase 3 Placebo Controlled Study of Nolasiban to Improve Pregnancy Rates in Women Undergoing IVF/ICSI).		
DB16260	norUrsodeoxycholic acid	investigational	norUrsodeoxycholic acid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03872921 (Norursodeoxycholic Acid vs Placebo in PSC).		
DB16261	Odevixibat	investigational	Odevixibat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04336722 (Efficacy and Safety of Odevixibat in Children With Biliary Atresia Who Have Undergone a Kasai HPE (BOLD)).		
DB16262	Olacaftor	investigational	Olacaftor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02951182 (A Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of VX-440 Combination Therapy in Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis).		
DB16263	Olaparib-bodipy FL	investigational	Olaparib-bodipy FL is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03085147 (A Dye for the Detection of Cancer of the Tongue and Mouth).		
DB16264	Olenasufligene relduparvovec	investigational	Olenasufligene relduparvovec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03612869 (Study of aavrh10-h.sgsh Gene Therapy in Patients With Mucopolysaccharidosis Type IIIA (MPS IIIA)).		
DB16265	Olinvacimab	investigational	Olinvacimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03033524 (Trial to Evaluate the Safety of Ttac-0001(tanibirumab) in Recurrent Glioblastoma).		
DB16266	Olodanrigan	investigational	Olodanrigan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03297294 (Safety and Efficacy of EMA401 in Patients With Painful Diabetic Neuropathy (PDN)).		
DB16267	Olutasidenib	investigational	Olutasidenib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04013880 (ASTX727 and FT-2102 in Treating Idh1-mutated Recurrent/refractory Myelodysplastic Syndrome or Acute Myeloid Leukemia).		
DB16268	Olvimulogene nanivacirepvec	investigational	Olvimulogene nanivacirepvec is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01443260 (A Study of GL-ONC1, an Oncolytic Vaccinia Virus, in Patients With Advanced Peritoneal Carcinomatosis).		
DB16269	Onfekafusp alfa	investigational	Onfekafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02938299 (Neoadjuvant L19IL2/L19TNF- Pivotal Study).		
DB16270	Ontuxizumab	investigational	Ontuxizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01574716 (Sarcoma Study of Morab-004 Utilization: Research and Clinical Evaluation).		
DB16271	Opiranserin	investigational	Opiranserin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03997838 (Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of VVZ-149 Injections for the Treatment of Post-operative Pain Following Abdominoplasty).		
DB16272	Orelabrutinib	investigational	Orelabrutinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04305197 (A Study of ICP-022 in Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)).		
DB16273	Osalmid	investigational	Osalmid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03670173 (Safety and Efficacy Assessments of Osalmid in Multiple Myeloma).		
DB16274	Osoresnontrine	investigational	Osoresnontrine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02281773 (A Study to Investigate the Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of Four Different Doses of BI 409306 Compared to Placebo Given for 12 Weeks in Patients With Schizophrenia on Stable Antipsychotic Treatment.).		
DB16275	Otlertuzumab	investigational	Otlertuzumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01188681 (Safety and Efficacy Study of TRU-016 Plus Bendamustine vs. Bendamustine in Relapsed Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia).		
DB16276	Oxymatrine	investigational	Oxymatrine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02202473 (Oxymatrine Plus Lamivudine Combination Therapy Versus Lamivudine Monotherapy for Chronic Hepatitis B Infected Subjects).		
DB16277	Paltusotine	investigational	Paltusotine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04261712 (A Study to Evaluate the Long-term Safety and Efficacy of Paltusotine for the Treatment of Acromegaly (ACROBAT Advance)).		
DB16278	Parathyroid Hormone-Related Protein 1-36	investigational	Parathyroid Hormone-Related Protein 1-36 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00853723 (Comparison Study of Pthrp and PTH to Treat Osteoporosis).		
DB16279	Pecavaptan	investigational	Pecavaptan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03901729 (A Trial to Study BAY1753011 in Patients With Congestive Heart Failure).		
DB16280	Pegcantratinib	investigational	Pegcantratinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03448081 (Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of SNA-120 for Treatment of Pruritus and Psoriasis in Subjects Treated With Calcipotriene).		
DB16281	Pegcrisantaspase	investigational	Pegcrisantaspase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02257684 (A Dose Confirmation and Pharmacokinetic Study of Pegcrisantaspase Administered as Intravenous (IV) Infusion in Children and Young Adults With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) /Lymphoblastic Lymphoma (LBL). Following Hypersensitivity to Pegaspargase (Oncaspar)).		
DB16282	Pegylated Recombinant Human Arginase I	investigational	Pegylated Recombinant Human Arginase I is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03455140 (A Study Evaluating the Safety and Activity of Pegylated Recombinant Human Arginase (BCT-100)).		
DB16283	Pegylated synthetic human c-peptide	investigational			
DB16284	Pelacarsen	investigational	Pelacarsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03070782 (Phase 2 Study of ISIS 681257 (Akcea-apo(a)-lrx) in Participants With Hyperlipoproteinemia(a) and Cardiovascular Disease).		
DB16285	Pelcitoclax	investigational	Pelcitoclax is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04210037 (Study of Combination APG-1252 Plus Paclitaxel in Patients With Relapsed/refractory Small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB16286	Pemlimogene merolisbac	investigational	Pemlimogene merolisbac is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03371381 (An Efficacy and Safety Study of JNJ-64041757, a Live Attenuated Listeria Monocytogenes Immunotherapy, in Combination With Nivolumab Versus Nivolumab Monotherapy in Participants With Advanced Adenocarcinoma of the Lung).		
DB16287	Penequinine, Penehyclidine	investigational	Penequinine, Penehyclidine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02644876 (Preventive Effects of Penehyclidine Hydrochloride Inhalation on Postoperative Pulmonary Complications).		
DB16288	Peoniflorin	investigational	Peoniflorin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02878863 (Paeoniflorin Combination of Hepatoprotective Drugs Versus Hepatoprotective Drugs Only for Auto-immune Hepatitis).		
DB16289	B27PD	investigational	B27PD is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01195948 (Optiquel® as Corticosteroid-sparing Therapy for Chronic Noninfectious Uveitis).		
DB16290	DAPTA	investigational			
DB16291	Peretinoin	investigational			
DB16292	Perfluorodecalin	investigational	Perfluorodecalin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03668665 (Influencing Wound Healing Through the Application of Hyaluronic Acid With Perfluorodecalin and Physalis Angulata Extract After Split Skin Removal From the Thigh - a Study in "Split Wound Design").		
DB16293	Pexiganan	investigational	Pexiganan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01594762 (Pexiganan Versus Placebo Control for the Treatment of Mild Infections of Diabetic Foot Ulcers).		
DB16294	Pexmetinib	investigational	Pexmetinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04074967 (Study of ARRY-614 Plus Either Nivolumab or Ipilimumab).		
DB16295	HSK-3486	investigational	HSK-3486 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04620031 (A Study Evaluating Sedation of Intravenous Administration of HSK3486 Injectable Emulsion in ICU Patients Undergoing Mechanical Ventilation).		
DB16296	IPI-549	investigational	IPI-549 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03795610 (Window of Opportunity Study of IPI-549 in Patients With Locally Advanced HPV+ and HPV- Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma).		
DB16297	PMPBB3 F-18	investigational	PMPBB3 F-18 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04305210 (Alzheimer's Disease: Clinical Investigation and Neuroimage Studies Including 18F-PM-PBB3 and 18f-florbetapir (AV-45) PET Examination).		
DB16298	Polifeprosan 20	investigational	Polifeprosan 20 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00003878 (Carmustine Implants in Treating Patients With Brain Metastases).		
DB16299	Poseltinib	investigational	Poseltinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02628028 (A Study of LY3337641 in Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16300	Praliciguat	investigational	Praliciguat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03254485 (A Study of the Effect of IW-1973 on the Exercise Capacity of Patients With Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction (Hfpef)).		
DB16301	Preimplantation factor	investigational	Preimplantation factor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03593460 (Phase II Autoimmune Hepatitis).		
DB16302	BP-14979	investigational	BP-14979 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01785147 (Efficacy and Safety of BP1.4979 in Smoking Cessation).		
DB16303	Gallium-68 PSMA	investigational			
DB16304	TAK-653	investigational	TAK-653 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03312894 (Efficacy and Safety of TAK-653 in Treatment-resistant Depression).		
DB16305	DEBIO-1143	investigational			
DB16306	Racemetyrosine	investigational	Racemetyrosine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03512756 (A Randomized Phase 2/3 Multi-center Study of SM-88 in Patients With Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB16307	A-dmDT390-bisFv(UCHT1)	investigational	A-dmDT390-bisFv(UCHT1) is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02943642 (Safety and Effectiveness of A-dmdt390-bisfv(ucht1) Fusion Protein in Subjects With Mycosis Fungoides).		
DB16308	Revaprazan	investigational	Revaprazan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01750437 (Phase 2 Clinical Trial to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of YH1885L in Patients With Non-erosive Reflux Disease(nerd)).		
DB16309	Revusiran	investigational	Revusiran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02319005 (ENDEAVOUR: Phase 3 Multicenter Study of Revusiran (ALN-TTRSC) in Patients With Transthyretin (TTR) Mediated Familial Amyloidotic Cardiomyopathy (FAC)).		
DB16310	Rezafungin	investigational	Rezafungin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04368559 (Study of Rezafungin Compared to Standard Antimicrobial Regimen for Prevention of Invasive Fungal Diseases in Adults Undergoing Allogeneic Blood and Marrow Transplantation).		
DB16311	Ribaxamase	investigational	Ribaxamase is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02563106 (A Study of SYN-004 for the Prevention of c.diff in Patients With a LRTI).		
DB16312	TNP-2092	investigational	TNP-2092 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03964493 (TNP-2092 to Treat Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infection).		
DB16313	Rinucumab	investigational	Rinucumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02418754 (Study of Intravitreal REGN2176-3 in Participants With Neovascular ("Wet") Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD)).		
DB16314	Ripertamab	investigational	Ripertamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02772822 (A Study Comparing the Efficiency and Safety of S-chop(cyclophosphamide, Hydroxydaunomycin, Oncovin, and Prednisone) Versus R-CHOP in Untreated Cd20(cluster of Differentiation Antigen 20)-positive DLBCL Patients).		
DB16315	Rivenprost	investigational	Rivenprost is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00296556 (Therapeutic Study of ONO-4819CD for Ulcerative Colitis).		
DB16316	Rocakinogene sifuplasmid	investigational	Rocakinogene sifuplasmid is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03491683 (INO-5401 and INO-9012 Delivered by Electroporation (EP) in Combination With Cemiplimab (REGN2810) in Newly-diagnosed Glioblastoma (GBM)).		
DB16317	Roledumab	investigational	Roledumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02287896 (Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Roledumab in Rhd-negative Pregnant Women Carrying an Rhd-positive Foetus).		
DB16318	Romilkimab	investigational	Romilkimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02345070 (Efficacy and Safety of SAR156597 in the Treatment of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis).		
DB16319	GSK-2981278	investigational	GSK-2981278 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03004846 (A Study of GSK2981278 Ointment in Subjects With Plaque Psoriasis).		
DB16320	Rovazolac	investigational	Rovazolac is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03175354 (A Study in Subjects With Moderate Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16321	S-777469	investigational	S-777469 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00703573 (A Randomized, Double-blind Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of 2 Doses of S-777469 in Patients With Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16322	Sabatolimab	investigational	Sabatolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03946670 (A Study of MBG453 in Combination With Hypomethylating Agents in Subjects With IPSS-R Intermediate, High or Very High Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS).).		
DB16323	Satoreotide tetraxetan	investigational			
DB16324	Selgantolimod	investigational	Selgantolimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03491553 (Safety, Tolerability and Antiviral Activity of Selgantolimod in Virally-suppressed Adults With Chronic Hepatitis B).		
DB16325	Selodenoson	investigational	Selodenoson is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00040001 (Safety and Efficacy Study of an A1-adenosine Receptor Agonist to Slow Heart Rate in Atrial Fibrillation).		
DB16326	Sepiapterin	investigational	Sepiapterin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03519711 (A Study of CNSA-001 in Primary Tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) Deficient Participants With Hyperphenylalaninemia).		
DB16327	Sepofarsen	investigational	Sepofarsen is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03913143 (A Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety, Tolerability and Exposure After a Repeat-dose of Sepofarsen (QR-110) in LCA10 (ILLUMINATE)).		
DB16328	Seviprotimut-L	investigational	Seviprotimut-L is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01546571 (Study of a Melanoma Vaccine in Stage Iib, Iic, and III Melanoma Patients).		
DB16329	siG12D LODER	investigational	siG12D LODER is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01676259 (A Phase 2 Study of Sig12d LODER in Combination With Chemotherapy in Patients With Locally Advanced Pancreatic Cancer).		
DB16330	Simurosertib	investigational	Simurosertib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03261947 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Activity of TAK-931 in Participants With Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer, Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, and Other Advanced Solid Tumors).		
DB16331	Siremadlin	investigational			
DB16332	Sodelglitazar	investigational	Sodelglitazar is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00196989 (Study in People With Type 2 Diabetes).		
DB16333	Sonlicromanol	investigational	Sonlicromanol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04165239 (The KHENERGYZE Study).		
DB16334	STX-100	investigational	STX-100 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01371305 (STX-100 in Patients With Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF)).		
DB16335	Sulopenem Etzadroxil	investigational	Sulopenem Etzadroxil is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03354598 (Oral Sulopenem-etzadroxil/probenecid Versus Ciprofloxacin for Uncomplicated Urinary Tract Infection in Adult Women).		
DB16336	Tafolecimab	investigational	Tafolecimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04031742 (A Study to Evaluate Safety and Efficacy of IBI306, a PCSK9 Monoclonal Antibody in Chinese Subjects With Homozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia).		
DB16337	Talditercept alfa	investigational	Talditercept alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03039686 (Clinical Trial to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of RO7239361 in Ambulatory Boys With Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy).		
DB16338	Taniborbactam	investigational	Taniborbactam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03840148 (Safety and Efficacy Study of Cefepime/vnrx-5133 in Patients With Complicated Urinary Tract Infections).		
DB16339	ABX-196	investigational	ABX-196 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03897543 (ABX196 in Combination With Nivolumab in Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma).		
DB16340	Tetrafluoroborate	investigational	Tetrafluoroborate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02907073 (Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Imaging Studies With NIS Reporter).		
DB16341	Tilsotolimod	investigational	Tilsotolimod is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03865082 (Study of Tilsotolimod in Combination With Nivolumab and Ipilimumab for the Treatment of Solid Tumors (ILLUMINATE-206)).		
DB16342	Trastuzumab duocarmazine	investigational	Trastuzumab duocarmazine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03262935 (SYD985 vs. Physician's Choice in Participants With Her2-positive Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast Cancer).		
DB16343	Tropifexor	investigational	Tropifexor is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02516605 (A Multi-part, Double Blind Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Tropifexor (LJN452) in PBC Patients).		
DB16344	Tulrampator	investigational	Tulrampator is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02626572 (Efficacy and Safety of 3 Doses of S47445 Versus Placebo in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease at Mild to Moderate Stages With Depressive Symptoms).		
DB16345	Uracil C-13	investigational	Uracil C-13 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01677338 (Phase 2 Study to Evaluate the Preliminary Performance of the C13-URA Breath Test Kit in Dyspeptic Subjects).		
DB16346	Veliflapon	investigational	Veliflapon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00353067 (Veliflapon (Dg-031)to Prevent Heart Attacks or Stroke in Patients With a History of Heart Attack or Unstable Angina).		
DB16347	Velsecorat	investigational	Velsecorat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02479412 (A Multiple Dosing (14 Days) Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of Three Dose Levels of AZD7594, Given Once Daily by Inhalation, in Patients With Mild to Moderate Asthma).		
DB16348	Viagenpumatucel-L	investigational	Viagenpumatucel-L is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02117024 (A Phase 2 Study of Viagenpumatucel-l (HS-110) in Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer).		
DB16349	Vicagrel	investigational	Vicagrel is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03599284 (The Efficacy, Safety and Pharmacokinetic of Antiplatelet Therapy for Vicagrel).		
DB16350	Vixarelimab	investigational	Vixarelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03816891 (A Study to Assess the Efficacy, Safety, and Tolerability of KPL-716 in Reducing Pruritus in Prurigo Nodularis).		
DB16351	Volinanserin	investigational	Volinanserin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00464243 (Efficacy and Safety of Volinanserin on Sleep Maintenance Insomnia - Polysomnographic Study).		
DB16352	Vonlerolizumab	investigational	Vonlerolizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03029832 (A Study of MOXR0916 in Combination With Atezolizumab Versus Atezolizumab Alone in Participants With Untreated Locally Advanced or Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma Who Are Ineligible for Cisplatin-based Therapy).		
DB16353	Razuprotafib	investigational	Razuprotafib, also known as AKB-9778, is a small-molecule inhibitor restoring Tie2 activation by inhibiting VE-PTP.[L27171,L27176] In investigations against diabetes and COVID-19, razuprotafib is self-administered by patients through subcutaneous injection.		
DB16354	Avasopasem manganese	investigational	Avasopasem manganese, also known as GC4419, is a highly-selective small molecule mimetic of superoxide dismutase (SOD) being investigated for the reduction of radiation-induced severe oral mucositis.[L27246, L27256] This drug has potential application for radiation-induced esophagitis and oral mucositis, in addition to being currently tested against COVID-19.		
DB16355	VIR-7831	investigational	VIR-7831, also known as GSK4182136, is a monoclonal antibody with the potential to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus.[L27296] This antibody has undergone modifications for a potentially extended half-life and enhanced lung bioavailability.		
DB16356	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgY	investigational	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgY are chicken egg antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 which have the potential to provide temporary protection against the virus when administered as intranasal drops.[L27381] To create these antibodies, chickens are injected in the chest with the spike protein, which is the surface protein of SARS-CoV-2; this results in an immune response mounted by the chickens towards the injected spike protein. From there, the chicken antibodies are harvested from the egg yolks of the eggs laid by these chickens and formulated into the nasal drops that can be administered. These antibodies are currently being investigated against COVID-19 in the trial NCT04567810 (Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of Anti-Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) Chicken Egg Antibody (IgY) (COVID-19)).		
DB16357	BGB-DXP593	investigational	BGB-DXP593 is a SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibody.[L27401] It is currently being investigated against COVID-19 in the clinical trial NCT04551898 (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) Neutralizing Antibody BGB-DXP593 in Participants With Mild-to-Moderate Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)) by BeiGene.		
DB16358	MW33	investigational	MW33 is a recombinant fully human antibody to SARS-CoV-2.[L27411] This antibody injection is currently being investigated against COVID-19 in the clinical trial NCT04533048 (A Clinical Study to Evaluate MW33 Injection).		
DB16359	CSL324	investigational	CSL324 is a fully human anti-G-CSFR antibody shown to have the ability to control G-CSF-mediated neutrophilia in cynomolgus macaques.[A225626] It has potential applications in various inflammatory conditions such as cystic fibrosis, inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and vasculitis.[L27516]		
DB16360	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 immunoglobulin	investigational	Hyperimmune immunoglobulin to SARS-CoV-2 (hIVIG) is obtained from the plasma of patients who recover from COVID-19 and develop neutralizing antibodies.[L27521] Anti-coronavirus immunoglobulin is derived from COVID-19 [convalescent plasma](https://go.drugbank.com/drugs/DB15692) but contains more SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies than found in [convalescent plasma](https://go.drugbank.com/drugs/DB15692) as the antibodies are highly purified and concentrated.[L27521, L27526]		
DB16361	Descartes-30	investigational	Descartes-30 is an RNA-engineered off-the-shelf allogeneic mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) product developed by Cartesian Therapeutics.[L27531] The RNA-engineering is performed with Cartesian Therapeutics’ proprietary RNA Armory which is a platform that activates and provides cells with mRNA-based therapeutics.		
DB16362	Silver proteinate	experimental			
DB16363	PlasmaCord	investigational	PlasmaCord is platelet-poor plasma that is derived by fractionation from sterile umbilical cord and placental blood.[L27581] It is developed by Cellpraxis and is currently being investigated against severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).		
DB16364	Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin	investigational	Recombinant human thrombopoietin is a full-length glycosylated cytokine produced by Chinese hamster ovary cells and is used to promote the generation of megakaryocytes and platelets.[A225691, A225696] This drug is used in the treatment of thrombocytopenia.		
DB16365	Treamid	investigational	Treamid, also known as bisamide derivative of dicarboxylic acid (BDDA), is a complexing agent that has been found to chelate metal ions, including calcium, copper, iron, magnesium, and zinc.[A225701] This drug has shown regenerative properties and restoration of the function of various tissues and organs. It is has been investigated in the clinical trials of NCT04428593 (Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Treamid in Healthy Volunteers) and NCT04527354 (Pilot Study to Assess Efficacy and Safety of Treamid in the Rehabilitation of Patients After COVID-19 Pneumonia) by PHARMENTERPRISES.		
DB16366	F-652	investigational	F-652 is a recombinant IL-22-Fc fusion protein manufactured in Chinese hamster ovary cells that is composed of 2 human interleukin 22 (IL-22) molecules linked to an immunoglobulin constant region (IgG2-Fc).[A225706, L27661] It is being developed by Evive Biotech (previously known as Generon BioMed Inc).[L27666]		
DB16367	Autologous peripheral blood-derived CD34+ cells	investigational	Autologous peripheral blood-derived CD34+ cells, or CLBS119 (a proprietary version being developed by Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.), are hematopoietic stem cells.[L27741] It is also a cell therapy being investigated by Caladrius Biosciences in the clinical trial NCT04522817 (CLBS119 for Repair of COVID-19 Induced Pulmonary Damage).		
DB16368	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 equine immunoglobulin fragments	investigational	Anti-SARS-CoV-2 equine immunoglobulin fragments, also known as INOSARS, is a polyvalent passive immunization being tested in the clinical trial NCT04514302 (Safety and Efficacy of Anti-SARS-CoV-2 Equine Antibody Fragments (INOSARS) for Hospitalized Patients With COVID-19).[L27796] INOSARS is composed of F(ab’)2 fragments extracted from hyperimmune equine serum.		
DB16369	Matrix-M	investigational	Matrix-M is a saponin-based adjuvant made of nanometer particles, cholesterol, and phospholipid that is developed by Novavax.[L27981] This compound is administered alongside vaccines to enhance biological functions: creating robust and long-lasting immune responses that may allow for dose-sparing of vaccines.		
DB16370	Mezagitamab	investigational	Mezagitamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04278924 (Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of TAK-079 in Participants With Persistent/chronic Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia).		
DB16371	Glofitamab	investigational	Glofitamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04408638 (A Phase III Study Evaluating Glofitamab in Combination With Gemcitabine + Oxaliplatin vs Rituximab in Combination With Gemcitabine + Oxaliplatin in Participants With Relapsed/refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma).		
DB16372	Cobolimab	investigational	Cobolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04655976 (Study of Cobolimab in Combination With Dostarlimab and Docetaxel in Advanced NSCLC Participants).		
DB16373	Melrilimab	investigational	Melrilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03207243 (Efficacy and Safety Study of GSK3772847 in Subjects With Moderately Severe Asthma).		
DB16374	Telazorlimab	investigational	Telazorlimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03568162 (Phase 2b Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of ISB 830 in Adults With Moderate to Severe Atopic Dermatitis).		
DB16375	Felzartamab	investigational	Felzartamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04145440 (Trial to Assess Safety and Efficacy of MOR202 in Anti-pla2r + Membranous Nephropathy (Amn)).		
DB16376	Actoxumab	investigational	Actoxumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01241552 (A Study of MK-3415, MK-6072, and MK-3415A in Participants Receiving Antibiotic Therapy for Clostridium Difficile Infection (MK-3415A-001)).		
DB16377	Tesnatilimab	investigational	Tesnatilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04655807 (A Study of JNJ-64304500 as Add-on Therapy in Participants With Active Crohn's Disease).		
DB16378	Tefibazumab	investigational	Tefibazumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00198289 (Aurexis® in Cystic Fibrosis Subjects Chronically Colonized With Staphylococcus Aureus in Their Lungs).		
DB16379	Garetosmab	investigational	Garetosmab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04577820 (Study to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of Garetosmab in Japanese Adult Patients With Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP)).		
DB16380	Coprelotamab	investigational	Coprelotamab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04170595 (Clinical Study of Recombinant Anti-her2 Humanized Monoclonal Antibody for Injection).		
DB16381	Zampilimab	investigational	Zampilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04335578 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of UCB7858 in Adult Kidney Transplant Recipients With Chronic Allograft Injury).		
DB16383	Bexmarilimab	investigational	Bexmarilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03733990 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and Preliminary Efficacy of FP-1305 in Cancer Patients).		
DB16384	Toralizumab	investigational	Toralizumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03605927 (CD40-L Blockade for Prevention of Acute Graft-versus-host Disease).		
DB16385	Ansuvimab	approved,investigational	Infection with pathogenic filoviruses, such as _Zaire ebolavirus_ (Ebola virus, EBOV), can cause severe hemorrhagic fever in humans, resulting in frequent outbreaks with case fatality rates as high as 90%.[A225933, A225938] Virtually all steps of the EBOV lifecycle have been targeted for therapeutic development. However, to date, the most successful method appears to be the development of monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) against the GP<sub>1,2</sub> surface glycoprotein, as evidenced by the previously approved INMAZEB™ (REGN-EB3, a cocktail of [atoltivimab], [odesivimab], and [maftivimab]), the now approved ansuvimab, and ZMapp, which remains in clinical trials.[A225933] Ansuvimab, formerly mAb114, is a fully human IgG1 mAb derived from a survivor of the 1995 Kikwit EBOV outbreak 11 years after infection, which displays strong glycan-independent binding to a conserved region of the GP<sub>1,2</sub> protein that is responsible for interacting with the host NPC1 protein to mediate EBOV endolysosomal escape, a key step in the EBOV lifecycle.[A225943, A225948, A226035] A randomized, controlled trial of four investigational therapies for Ebola virus disease (EVD) in the Democratic Republic of Congo during a previous outbreak that began in 2018 compared ansuvimab, REGN-EB3, ZMapp, and [remdesivir], a nucleoside analogue designed to inhibit viral replication, showed ansuvimab and REGN-EB3 to be superior, with improved patient survival and faster viral clearance rates.[A207646]Ansuvimab received FDA approval on December 21, 2020, and is currently marketed as Ebanga by Ridgeback Biotherapeutics, LP. Ansuvimab is just the second FDA-approved treatment for EVD.		
DB16386	Astegolimab	investigational	Astegolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04386616 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MSTT1041A (Astegolimab) or UTTR1147A in Patients With Severe COVID-19 Pneumonia).		
DB16387	Levilimab	investigational	Levilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04227366 (Study of the Efficacy and Safety of BCD-089 in Combination With Methotrexate in Patients With Active Rheumatoid Arthritis).		
DB16388	Axatilimab	investigational	Axatilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04301778 (Durvalumab in Combination With a CSF-1R Inhibitor (SNDX-6532) Following Chemo or Radio-embolization for Patients With Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma).		
DB16389	Zansecimab	investigational	Zansecimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04342897 (A Study of LY3127804 in Participants With COVID-19).		
DB16390	Mobocertinib	investigational	Mobocertinib is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04129502 (TAK-788 as First-line Treatment Versus Platinum-based Chemotherapy for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) With EGFR Exon 20 Insertion Mutations).		
DB16391	Daxdilimab	investigational	Daxdilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04526912 (Treatment and Prevention of Acute Lung Injury (ALI) in Patients With COVID-19 Infection).		
DB16392	Avdoralimab	investigational	Avdoralimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04333914 (Prospective Study in Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Cancer and Sars-cov-2 Infection).		
DB16393	Cilgavimab	investigational	Cilgavimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04625725 (Phase III Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study of AZD7442 for Pre-exposure Prophylaxis of COVID-19 in Adult.).		
DB16394	Tixagevimab	investigational	Tixagevimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04625972 (Phase III Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study of AZD7442 for Post- Exposure Prophylaxis of COVID-19 in Adults).		
DB16395	Efineptakin alfa	investigational	Efineptakin alfa (also known as NT-I7) is a long-acting human interleukin-7 (IL-7) fusion protein that promotes T-cell development, contributing to the immune response. Compared to endogenous IL-7, NT-I7 is more stable and potent, has a longer half-life, and has better bioavailability. This drug is currently being investigated in the areas of oncology, immunology, and infectious disease.		
DB16396	Goflikicept	investigational	Goflikicept is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04380519 (Study of the Efficacy and Safety of a Single Administration of Olokizumab and RPH-104 With Standard Therapy in Patients With Severe Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (Sars-cov-2) Infection (COVID-19)).		
DB16397	Terevalefim	investigational	Terevalefim is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02474667 (Reduce the Severity of DGF in Recipients of a Deceased Donor Kidney).		
DB16398	Efmarodocokin alfa	investigational	Efmarodocokin alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04386616 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of MSTT1041A (Astegolimab) or UTTR1147A in Patients With Severe COVID-19 Pneumonia).		
DB16399	Modakafusp alfa	investigational	Modakafusp alfa is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03215030 (A Study to Investigate the Safety, Tolerability, Efficacy, Pharmacokinetics, and Immunogenicity of TAK-573 in Participants With Refractory Multiple Myeloma (MM)).		
DB16400	Sibofimloc	investigational	Sibofimloc is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03943446 (TAK-018 for Prevention of the Recurrence of Postoperative Crohn's Disease (CD)).		
DB16401	Pidacmeran	investigational	Pidacmeran is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04380701 (A Trial Investigating the Safety and Effects of Four BNT162 Vaccines Against COVID-2019 in Healthy Adults).		
DB16402	BNT-162A1	investigational	BNT-162A1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04380701 (A Trial Investigating the Safety and Effects of Four BNT162 Vaccines Against COVID-2019 in Healthy Adults).		
DB16403	Isoquercitrin	investigational	Isoquercitrin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04622865 (Masitinib Combined With Isoquercetin and Best Supportive Care in Hospitalized Patients With Moderate and Severe COVID-19).		
DB16404	Carvacrol	experimental			
DB16405	Regdanvimab	investigational	Regdanvimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04593641 (This Is a Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Safety,tolerability and Virology of CT P59 in Patients With Mild Symptoms of Symptoms of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19)).		
DB16406	Subasumstat	investigational	Subasumstat is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03648372 (A Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, Preliminary Efficacy and Pharmacokinetics (PK) of TAK-981 in Adult Participants With Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors or Relapsed/refractory Hematologic Malignancies and in a Subset With Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19)).		
DB16407	Azvudine	investigational	Azvudine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04668235 (Study on Safety and Clinical Efficacy of AZVUDINE in COVID-19 Patients (Sars-cov-2 Infected)).		
DB16408	Zotatifin	investigational	Zotatifin is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04092673 (Study of Eft226 in Subjects With Selected Advanced Solid Tumor Malignancies).		
DB16409	Tiragolumab	investigational	Tiragolumab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04513925 (A Study of Atezolizumab and Tiragolumab Compared With Durvalumab in Participants With Locally Advanced, Unresectable Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC)).		
DB16410	Datopotamab deruxtecan	investigational	Datopotamab deruxtecan is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04656652 (Study of DS-1062A Versus Docetaxel in Previously Treated Advanced or Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Without Actionable Genomic Alterations (TROPION-LUNG01)).		
DB16411	Camidanlumab tesirine	investigational	Camidanlumab tesirine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04639024 (ADCT-301 in Patients With R/R AML, MDS, or MDS/MPN).		
DB16412	Adebrelimab	investigational	Adebrelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03711305 (Study of Carboplatin Plus Etoposide With or Without SHR-1316 in Participants With Untreated Extensive-stage (ES) Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC)).		
DB16413	Sotigalimab	investigational	Sotigalimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03123783 (CD40 Agonistic Antibody APX005M in Combination With Nivolumab).		
DB16414	Birtamimab	investigational	Birtamimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02312206 (The VITAL Amyloidosis Study, a Global Phase 3, Efficacy and Safety Study of NEOD001 in Patients With AL Amyloidosis).		
DB16415	Feladilimab	investigational	Feladilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04128696 (Study of GSK3359609 and Pembrolizumab in Programmed Death Receptor 1-ligand 1 Positive Recurrent or Metastatic Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma).		
DB16416	Vilobelimab	investigational	Vilobelimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03895801 (Study of IFX-1 to Replace Steroids in Patients With Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis and Microscopic Polyangiitis.).		
DB16417	Geptanolimab	investigational	Geptanolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03502629 (Clinical Trial in Chinese Patients of Relapsed and Refractory Peripheral T Cell Lymphoma (GB226)).		
DB16418	Narsoplimab	investigational	Narsoplimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03205995 (Safety and Efficacy Study of OMS721 in Patients With Atypical Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome).		
DB16419	Ieramilimab	investigational	Ieramilimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02460224 (Safety and Efficacy of LAG525 Single Agent and in Combination With PDR001 in Patients With Advanced Malignancies.).		
DB16420	Vibostolimab	investigational	Vibostolimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04303169 (Substudy 02C: Safety and Efficacy of Pembrolizumab in Combination With Investigational Agents or Pembrolizumab Alone in Participants With Stage III Melanoma Who Are Candidates for Neoadjuvant Therapy (MK-3475-02C/KEYMAKER-U02)).		
DB16421	Volagidemab	investigational	Volagidemab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03117998 (Multiple Dose Study to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety and Pharmacodynamics of REMD-477 in Subjects With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus).		
DB16422	Quavonlimab	investigational	Quavonlimab is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03179436 (Study of Quavonlimab (MK-1308) in Combination With Pembrolizumab (MK-3475) in Advanced Solid Tumors (MK-1308-001)).		
DB16423	AK119	investigational	AK119 is a humanized anti-CD73 monoclonal antibody being investigated in the clinical trial NCT04516564 (A Study of AK119 (Anti-CD73 Antibody), a Treatment for COVID-19, in Healthy Subjects).[L28315]		
DB16424	Allocetra	investigational	Allocetra is a novel therapy where billions of early apoptotic cells are infused into the bloodstream of a patient, using the body's own natural regulation mechanisms to rebalance an unbalanced immune system without immune system suppression. With infusion, the body's macrophages and dendritic cells can feed on these early apoptotic Allocetra cells and thus result in the macrophages and dendritic cells releasing fewer cytokine alert signals so that the immune system is rebalanced back to normal -- averting a cytokine storm. This drug is currently being investigated against organ failure associated with sepsis, organ failure associated with COVID-19, post-bone marrow transplantation complications, and solid tumors.		
